Wanna hear a dirty joke?
Rocky, do you realize everybody in this country knows your face, and after the fight everybody in the world is going to.
What was that you said about a pet shop?
What did you say about a pet shop?
Is everything all right?
...Can't do it.
...I can't beat him.
Yeah, I can't beat him.
What're we going to do?
Oh, Rocky  you worked so hard.
Don't say that.
Creature of the night.
I thought you liked them. They liked you.
Our noble mission is almost completed my most beautiful sister, soon we will return to the moondrenched shores of our "androgenous" planet.
But it's the pelvic thrust that really drives you insane.
I think you had better both come inside.
Are you  giving a party?
Oh, lucky him.
Oh.
The delivery boy.
That ain't no crime
Oh, no no, no no.
No no no, no no.
Sha la la la That ain't no crime.
Sha la la la That ain't no crime.
Sha la la la That ain't no crime. That ain't no crime.
No no no no.
No no no no.
"Sweet Transvestite"
"Transylvania"
On the day I went away.
Was all I had to say
Want to come again and stay
Smile and that will mean I may
Like I'm outside in the rain
Free to try and find a game
Cards for sorrow, Cards for pain.
I didn't make him for you
Nothing. Why, do you think I should?
I know. But it wasn't all bad was it? In fact, I think you found it quite pleasurable. Mmmmm so soft, so sensual.
Like this  like how? It's your fault. You're to blame. I was saving myself.
Promise you won't tell Brad.
What a guy
What guy
Great Heavens, that's a laser.
You did right.
You're OK by me.
Yes, well perhaps it was for the best.
Hello.
You're wet.
You know this earth  this person.
Good God.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
I've got something to say.
I really loved the skilful way You beat the other girls To the bride's bouquet.
Oh Janet
Oh Brad, I'm mad.
Gosh. That's the third motorcyclist that's passed us. They certainly take their lives in their hands. What with the weather and all.
I think we took the wrong fork a few miles back.
Hmmm ... Well, I guess we will have to turn back.
We must have a blowout.
You'd better sit here and keep warm while I go for help.
Didn't we pass a castle back down the road a few miles? Maybe they have a telephone I might use.
There's no point both of us getting wet.
Oh, Brad. Let's go back. I'm cold and I'm frightened.
Yes, the rain has been very heavy.
Oh Brad, I'm frightened. What kind of place is this?
Oh....Say something.
Brad, please lets get out of here.
But it seems so unhealthy here.
Well I want to leave.
Then ask the butler  or someone.
This isn't the Junior Chamber of Commerce Brad.
Brad  I'm cold, I'm wet, and plain scared.
Right!
Oh Brad.
I'm Brad Majors and this is my fiancee, Janet Vice.
Weiss.
It's alright Janet.
It's alright Janet. Everything's going to be alright.
No, don't do that.
Maybe we could try it this way.
I hope so my darling.
And that's all the time that it takes For a heart to turn to stone The sweeter the wine The harder to make the break You hear something about someone You'd thought you'd known.
So baby don't cry like there's no tomorrow After the night there's a brand new day. And there'll be no pain And no more sorrow. So wash your face And phone my place It'll be O.K.
And that's all the time that it takes For a heart to beat again. So give me a sign That a lover makes You look around The one you've found Is back again.
The future is ours so let's plan it.
So please don't tell me to can it.
I've one thing to say and that's Dammit, Janet. I love you.
Made me give you the eye And then panic,
Do you have any tattoos Brad.
Oh well. How about you.
I'm afraid so, Brad. But wasn't it nice?
Nothing. Why do you think I should?
I know, but it wasn't all bad was it? I think you found it quite pleasurable. Oh so soft. So sensual.
Shush. Janet's probably asleep by now. Do you want her to see you like this?
Oh come on, Brad, admit it. It was enjoyable, wasn't it? There's no crime in giving yourself over to pleasure.
On my mother's grave.
I told you, my car broke down.
I know what you told me, Brad. But this Dr Everett Scott. His name is not unknown to me.
And now he works for your Government, doesn't he, Brad? He's attached to the Bureau of Investigation of that which you call U.F.O's. Isn't he, Brad?
Hmmmm. He'll be in the Zen Room.
Rocky!
You are  so quake with fear, you tiny fools.
I am SeeThreepio, humancy...
Oh. Well, yes.
I am fluent in over six million forms of communication, and can readily...
Disintegrated?
Strong am I with the Force... but not that strong! Twilight is upon me and soon night must fall. That is the way of things... the way of the Force.
No more training do you require. Already know you that which you need.
Your father he is.
Yes.
Unfortunate that I know the truth?
Remember, a Jedi's strength flows from the Force. But beware. Anger, fear, aggression. The dark side are they. Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny.
I know, father.
Come with me.
You don't know the power of the dark side. I must obey my master.
If that is your destiny.
It is too late for me, son. The Emperor will show you the true nature of the Force. He is your master now.
I will not fight you, father.
There is no conflict.
You underestimate the power of the dark side. If you will not fight, then you will meet your destiny.
I will not fight you.
Sister! So...you have a twin sister. Your feelings have now betrayed her, too. ObiWan was wise to hide her from me. Now his failure is complete. If you will not turn to the dark side, then perhaps she will.
Over there! Two more of them!
Leia... do you remember your mother? Your real mother?
What do you remember?
Tell me.
I have no memory of my mother. I never knew her.
Vader is here...now, on this moon.
Your father?
Luke, don't talk that way. You have a power II don't understand and could never have.
Yes. It's you Leia.
Then you know why I have to face him.
No, you don't. You've always been strong.
Because...there is good in him. I've felt it. He won't turn me over to the Emperor. I can save him. I can turn him back to the good side. I have to try.
Ohhh, I can't bear to watch.
Your Royal Highness.
He says there's a secret entrance on the other side of the ridge.
Quiet.
Oh, no.
Red Leader standing by.
Now...come on, Han, old buddy. Don't let me down.
Here goes nothing.
Form up. And stay alert. We could run out of space real fast.
All right, Wedge. Go for the power regulator on the north tower.
Lord Vader, this is an unexpected pleasure. We're honored by your presence.
I assure you, Lord Vader, my men are working as fast as they can.
I tell you, this station will be operational as planned.
But he asks the impossible. I need more men.
That is correct, Commander. And he is most displeased with your apparent lack of progress.
I hope so, Commander, for your sake. The Emperor is not as forgiving as I am.
Good, I hate long waits.
In his belly, you will find a new definition of pain and suffering, as you are slowly digested over a thousand years.
Here we go again.
What are you telling them?
Well, why don't you use your divine influence and get us out of this?
Proper?!
What did he say?
We're coming!
Oh, Artoo, hurry!
Well, I suppose I could hotwire this thing.
Let's see.
Lando!
Lower it!
Chewie! Chewie, give me the gun. Don't move, Lando.
It's all right. Trust me. Don't move.
Guess I owe you some thanks, too, Lando.
Well, look at you, a general, huh?
Look. I want you to take her. I mean it. Take her. You need all the help you can get. She's the fastest ship in the fleet.
Good luck.
Someone who loves you.
I gotta get you out of here.
That's all any of us can see.
Yeah, I just got a funny feeling. Like I'm not gonna see her again.
It'll work. It'll work.
It'll take time. This whole party'll be for nothing if they see us.
I don't know.
Ahhh...
Hold me.
Hey, don't worry. Chewie and me got into a lot of places more heavily guarded than this.
Charges! Come on, come on!
Here's the terminal.
He wasn't. I can feel it.
Yes.
Han!
Are you all right?
Wouldn't miss it.
The same as always.
I think my eyes are getting better. Instead of a big dark blur, I see a big light blur.
You're gonna die here, you know. Convenient.
Oh... great!
I have a promise I have to keep first... to an old friend.
Hi, Han... Chewie.
Yeah, she's comin' up.
All set.
Now don't get jittery, Luke. There are a lot of command ships. Keep your distance though, Chewie, but don't look like you're trying to keep your distance.
I'm endangering the mission. I shouldn't have come.
Chewie and I will take care of this. You stay here.
I thought she was with you.
Take the squad ahead. We'll meet at the shield generator at 0300.
Nice work. Great, Chewie! Great! Always thinking with your stomach.
Yeah, sure.
Han, don't. It'll be all right.
Threepio, tell them if they don't do as you wish, you'll become angry and use your magic.
You have done well, Lord Vader. And now I sense you wish to continue your search for young Skywalker.
Patience, my friend. In time he will seek you out. And when he does, you must bring him before me. He has grown strong. Only together can we turn him to the dark side of the Force.
Everything is proceeding as I have foreseen.
Send the fleet to the far side of Endor. There it will stay until called for.
It is of no concern. Soon the Rebellion will be crushed and young Skywalker will be one of us! Your work here is finished, my friend. Go out to the command ship and await my orders.
I told you to remain on the command ship.
I have felt him, my Master.
They are clear, my Master.
Oh, no, my young Jedi. You will find that it is you who are mistaken...about a great many things.
Shhh. You have hibernation sickness.
Your eyesight will return in time.
Jabba's palace.
I can't do it, Artoo. I can't go on alone.
You told me Vader betrayed and murdered my father.
There's still good in him.
I can't do it, Ben.
I tried to stop him once. I couldn't do it.
But I had to help my friends.
I can't kill my own father.
Yoda spoke of another.
But I have no sister.
Leia! Leia's my sister.
But you can't let her get involved now, Ben. Vader will destroy her.
Admiral, we're in position. All fighters accounted for.
All craft, prepare to jump to hyperspace on my mark.
We saw it. All craft prepare to retreat.
We have no choice, General Calrissian. Our cruisers can't repel firepower of that magnitude.
At that close range, we won't last long against those Star Destroyers.
The shield is down! Commence attack on theDeath Star's main reactor.
You always did have style.
So are you, PopSweet. That's why...
That's the problem with expensive tastes... the more you got, the more you got to lose.
They're... around.
The way Zimmermann takes such good care of you and this drugpeddling "escort service" of yours, I figure you got the scoop on the pharmaceuticals arriving tonight.
Pardon me... my mistake. Taking your thoughts in hand, huh... ?
Pure horse.
Arriving tonight
Why do you bother with that mumbojumbo crap? Some fruitcake's writing it between bong hits, making it up as he goes, and you're actually taking the time to read it.
Look out! Jupiter and Saturn'll get you every fucking time.
Let me see that... Not bad.
You know... you could say thank you.
What are you, communist? At least numbnuts here has the courtesy to pretend he likes them.
First of all, the Constitution wasn't writtem till 1787...
Second of all, the Declaration of Independence was all for liberty and equality, but it didn't do anything about slavery, did it?
All I'm saying is, your little Bicentennial mementos would be more accurate if there were no holes in the pepper shaker so the pepper couldn't get out.
Absolutely.
Slow down.
Don't crowd him.
Shit. You're right.
Let's hope.
No you're not.
No, we are <U>not</U> going to do that.
You think this is so easy?
Oh yeah?
Okay, okay... hold on. Don't go getting your panties in a knot...
I kinda already figured that, but keep those helpful hints coming.
Is there nothing in this world you enjoy more than the sound of your own voice?
He's right. We hit the bricks, we walk back triplefucked.
I worked my ass off for my badge, Kittle, It's the only thing that makes me different from every other slob out there.
I know it is, even if you don't.
Guys... all we've got is each other. Don't we know that by now?
Nothing's broke. Keep sewing. And quit pacing, you big ox. You're making me skittish.
Whatever goes bang.
All for one...
Out here. On your knees.
Dead.
If it is, that's pretty high up on the totem pole. What do you think?
Alright... how about you two hit the strip and start knocking some heads together? Find out who "A.D." is. I got a quick errand to run.
Been waiting long?
How'd we do?
Come again... ?
Maybe it's enough.
Your wish is my command.
Who is that... ?
You mean, besides the warrant out on us for blowing up our commanding officer?
Seatbelts fastened, please.
See... now that we know you know, the hard part's done for us.
We're screwed.
This much powder you don't throw in the trunk with a blanket over it. It's got to be smuggled.
No more counting the big money for someone else.
Think Zimmermann's watching?
You JohnWilkesBoothed him.
Why the beach?
Oh, yeah... the explosion.
Do tell.
I don't think so.
The gang's all here!
You see that?
Good. Thought I was imagining them.
Just wanted to make you aware... before today's over, we'll be standing on top of your mountain of horse and pissing down on you.
Couldn't have said it better myself.
Just 'cause you belong to some fancypants club, doesn't make you any less a murderer.
Thanks, but we don't recognize "brunch" as an actual meal.
Your poison's not gonna make it into the veins of any kids this time.
You fuckers... damn you! Why?! Why me!? Why the obsession with me?
You think you accomplished something... like you're heroes? Fuck you! This is meaningless! You'll never win! You know, as soon as I'm gone... someone's going to take my place.
Well, sir...
I... I think I can... clarify...
What?
You're about an inch away from insubordination!
Till the last firework fizzles out tonight, detective, you sit a desk. And, after that, I'll decide if you keep your shield.
You can't be serious.
We've been chasing this deal six months, and now you're gonna chuck it out the window?
Well, shake a leg. Get these files downstairs... And, quit listening to your fucking voodoo music.
Hey now, look! Let's all get on the same page here. This shipment is do or die for Zimmermann's syndicate; all or nothing. If we stop the drugs, we don't even have to catch him redhanded. He's ruined cause his pushers go broke with nothing to sell. On the other hand, if we fuck this up, it means more zombies crawling the gutters than ever and a morgue that doesn't have a single empty drawer. More old ladies getting mugged and molested by junkhungry needlefreaks, and all the while Zimmermann's sitting back and laughing his head off.
Not like this. Are you even listening?
Where have you been?
Our resignations.
Maybe.
You mean taking bribes, and skimming busts and letting hoods walk? You mean not being able to sleep at night after shaking down some honest Joe?
Why do I always have to sit in back?
Well, I would like to sit in front today.
You been wearing rubbers, BillyBoy?
Birth control's important.
You know, the more weight back there, the faster the car goes.
You never heard of physics, Einstein? The laws of physics. The more ballast we keep closer to the rear tires...
Oh... okay.
"Leo. The stages of the moon are in alignment, so now is a perfect time for a vigorous regimen of self improvement. Wash yourself more carefully each morning, stop using pies and cakes as your primary source of nourishment, and quit tucking your shirttails inside your underwear."
No, but it should.
Forgive me for not ooing cartwheels over commemorative salt and pepper shakers
It's go time, BillyB.
What was I supposed to do?
You'll cry like a great big, blubbering baby.
Follow me.
Where we going?
Okay. But, what changed our mind?
Let's go! Fuck everything! God damn sons of bitching mother humpers... I'm gonna rip'em all brand new assholes... !
I can't believe we're stealing.
No, we're stealing.
Then, why'd we tie him up?
Well, I got something.. PopSweet's accounting ledger for the DiscoStrip. All the money transactions. Look... Someone's putting their initials beside the weekly totals. Like they're acknowledging a deposit.
Can't you say something nice once?
Bad news is, word's spreading like wildfire that we don't have badges, and nobody wants to end up getting splattered like Butch Cassidy either.
Speak for yourself.
... where... where's a jerk like me ever gonna find another girl to love him... huh?...
You're lying...
I'm waiting till the time's right.
No.
Nope.
Billy, I love you I really do... but I've got to tell you, every day, in every way, you give new meaning to the word "stupidity."
You could start over again with cash like that.
Feels like there's a bullet still in my chest.
Bummer.
We've got the tape to prove it.
She's fine, as if you cared.
Filthy kids go to kindergarten too. What are you saying, anyhow?
Lay off once, would you?
It's the way you say it, like there's something more too it.
Jeez... it's too early in the morning for this. Leave off. Here's your paper.
You shouldn't litter.
Give a Hoot. Don't Pollute.
Just a little, you know... Bicentennial memento. Nothing special.
Escort everyone's favorite SheMale over here nice and peacefullike. Let's not have another incident like at the laundromat. I'll never forget the look on that poor woman's face.
Save it. Just go.
What do you want me to do about it?
We catch 'em, I wanna be first to hurt 'em. Promise me I get to go first.
I can work this.
Get ready.
I'd rather you guys didn't do this again.
This is too fast. This is <U>way</U> too fast!
We should slow down.
Jiminy Christmas.
I say, fuck 'em. Let's go.
What are you, Henry friggin' Kissinger all the sudden?
You're just saying nothing! Tonight is the night.
What of it? Haven't we waited forever... ? Haven't we, honey? Haven't we waited long enough to get this scumbag?
You big, fat sonofabitch, if it weren't for me, you'd still be sitting in the file room where I found you. And you... Nena... you've still got needle scars from where I pulled you out of. You of all people...
Stop blaming yourself.
I got him.
Who's that? Zimmermann's moneyman?
It's personal. We'll hook up at BillyBoy's pad in an hour. See ya then.
Lots of these pencilpushers work out of their homes. It's a tax dodge.
Could be worse. I don't know how, but I'm sure it could.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, they sure know how to hold a grudge.
Clench your teeth.
Clench your teeth so when we land you don't accidentally bite off your tongue.
Welcome to Beverly Hills. Wifeswapping Capital of the World.
Beats me. You got a suggestion, feel free to shout it out, genius.
What?
I don't know. I could quit now if I wanted, I just don't want to.
Name one.
Entertainers don't count.
Okay, seriously. What about Napoleon, huh?
You've never heard of Napoleon brandy, Mister SmartyPants? How do you think it got its name?
They shot us all, kid.
Same day as before. I think.
We're gonna rain on Zimmermann's parade.
Feeling great.
You don't smoke.
Happy Independence Day.
Kittle...
What do you want? I'm clean. I been clean a long time.
Oh, you fuckers! You fucking fuckers! What? What do you want?
Hey now... what the fuck... ?
Know what he's doing, Benny? He's trying to jog your memory.
This scag is enough to keep every junkie from here to the Mexican border high as a kite for the next two years. You think we're gonna let Zimmermann haul it onto <U>our</U> streets on the FourthoffuckingJuly!?
Alright! Alright... put me down...
I need the "when" and the "where."
This is private property. This is breaking and entering!
You're Zimmermann's calculator, Archie. All the blood money you had to move around to make this deal, you got to know something. Maybe they told you, maybe you overheard things you weren't supposed to hear...
Well, I'm running out of trees, so look me in the eye like a man and tell me you don't know! Convince me!
It's six o'clock. Time's runaing out. Decide.
You don't. It's a gamble. But, not even in Vegas are you gonna get close to this kind of cash. This is <U>two million</U>, Archie. It's not three houses, it's twelve. It's dreams come true.
What... ?
Indivisible and inseparable.
Every person's got their own kinks, beefcake. What's wrong, Kittle? You don't swing?
Put up your kickstand, freak. Start talking, or we're out the door.
How much?
You think it's that good?
Well... what can I do? You've created a dilemma... And, look at the that. Time's running out. I wonder... how can I impress upon you just exactly how frustrating this situation is for me?
Okay, man, okay. I'm with you. I... I heard how the shit's arriving... It's coming in a Lincoln.
What and? That's what I got.
Now you know what to watch for...
Have I ever steered you wrong?
Take her down to the car, and for Christ's sake be careful this time. Last suspect he took in, butterfingers dropped her down the stairs. What a mess. Why is it we don't appreciate our arms and legs till we've lost the use of them?
Who cares?
Careful she doesn't hit her head on the way.
Read my lips: Zimmermann or nothing.
Fair enough.
I'm looking at this poster, and I'm thinkin', I don't remember seeing films like this when I was in school.
What were you gonna say? Exactly how did you think he was gonna make the leap from dating a sweet, innocent school teacher to an assfucking porn star?
Let me tell him. Let him decide.
What... what makes you think you can order me around?!
Hasn't he got enough problems, or didn't you notice that's not cream soda on his breath?
Oh, no, ma'am.
What are you studying now, Mrs. Hillyer?
Are you going to get your degree soon?
It must be wonderful to be so smart. I don't see how you do it, reading all those books, learning all that stuff.
You're so sweet.
I like to work. I don't mind work. It's the least I can do after all you and Mr. Hillyer have done for me. You're so sweet. There never was nobody like you.
Yes, Ma'am.
No, ma'am, I'm just fine.
Well, I think it's charming, Rose. But don't you think... ah, the skirt is a little tight?
Yes, Ma'am.
Rose, that scruffylooking man is out in the yard again.
I had better call Daddy.
Oh... oh... oh! I think... maybe... one of 'em... was Foster... but I don't hardly know him!
Be quiet, Rose.
Ohhhh, a little. Ohh, I ain't never been to no dentist before. He's gonna kill me, I just know it.
I'm not goin' in there, I don't like the looks of it!
Ohhh, ohhhh, Lord, he's gonna kill me.
I know it was bad, honey. I'm sorry...
It'll get better now.
Yes, ma'am.
What? Whaat? Mrs. Hillyer?
Yeah, it's kinda nice.
Well, you're real sweet to make it for me. There never was nobody like you. And you don't need to worry, I ain't goin' out no more.
I don't want to. When I was lyin' there in that hospital bed at death's door I says to myself, I ain't goin' out no more. If I ever get outta this, I'll just stay home.
I'm not hungry. I can't eat nothin', I haven't been able to eat since I got fired. I think maybe I'm sick.
I know it's embarrassing... but who were you exposed to, dear? ROSE Well, now, Mrs. Hillyer, I... ahh, that's kinda hard to say.
Rose, really, you shouldn't act like that.
Rose, you don't have to.
Don't worry, honey, you'll find something.
Forget about it, I don't want you working in one of those honky tonks.
Well... well, that's wonderful, Rose.
Rose, this is Waski. His real name is Warren but we call him Waski. He doesn't like it much and I suppose someday we'll have to stop calling him that.
When he was baby we called him "Wa Wa," a baby name, you know. You will find him a very good boy. His brother can be bad and so can his sister, but Waski is a very good boy. And as you can see he's beautiful.
There are plenty of girls who would give thousands of dollars to have your auburn hair. Beauty is beauty and that's all there is to it. Beauty is there and we have to recognize it. Now Rose, the little girl sitting across from you with the blue eyes is Doll Baby. She looks like an angel and she is an angel, but she can be a naughty angel sometimes, although her father won't believe it. Her real name is Frances, but we call her Dolly or Doll.
No, Waski, she won't die, because we are praying for her.
She was raised on a poor dirt farm. I'm sure she's never seen a dentist or hardly even a doctor.
But the wisdom tooth will have to be pulled?
That would scare her to death. She's terrified of hospitals. To her, a hospital is where you go to die.
Well, Mrs. Hillyer, the girl is strong as an ox and that is what is keeping her alive. But not many people walk away from double pneumonia, Madam, not many.
Of course she does and I must say I'm puzzled by your delay in getting her to the hospital. I should think ordinary powers of observation would have suggested to you that she was seriously ill.
Afraid of the hospital?
A tenant farm? Are you trying to tell me that girl is a product of the hookworm and pellagra belt?
Exactly, and that's why she couldn't possibly have come from such a farm.
It is kind of amazing. The dentist says she has perfect teeth, there isn't a cavity in her mouth.
I beg your pardon, epizootics? Do you mean "epizooottics," an animal epidemic?
Let me be the judge of that, Madam.
I'm not surprised you thought she was pregnant. An ovarian cyst can look very much like pregnancy. But it was pure wishful thinking on her part. The girl can never have children, she had gonorrhea at fifteen and it was untreated.
Don't worry, Madam, she can't infect your dear little kiddies. She long ago fully recovered, but the disease did irreparable damage. The girl is permanently barren.
We make our own lives, Madam. As for malignancy, I don't think so, it's very unlikely. I probably shouldn't have even mentioned that possibility to her.
She's an adult, Mrs. Hillyer, I was merely giving her the facts.
What do you mean, what kind of gobbledygook talk is that?
I am thinking particularly of the other ovary. As a rule I don't believe in removing it. The woman's hormonal system is profoundly disturbed, she is subject to possibly serious depression, she loses many of her secondary sexual characteristics for example, her breasts might shrink and become flabby, facial hair might appear along with a coarsening of the features, and of course her sexual drive is greatly diminished, especially in a girl or young woman. For these reasons I am opposed to removing the other ovary, as a rule. Do you follow me?
Mrs. Hillyer, this girl is sick in more ways than one. She is an extreme psychoneurotic with uncontrollable sexual impulses. It would be a mercy to spare her the suffering she causes herself and others. Therefore I recommend as a therapeutic measure the removal of her second ovary. It is ethically and medically the only proper decision in this case and I suspect your husband agrees with me.
Illusions, Madam?
I will not cry like a woman. If I'm upset it's because of what my husband said, not because of you. You can't make me cry like a woman, a woman has got just as much intelligence and selfcontrol as a man. And you get this in your head. If you hurt that girl, I'll hire lawyers and sue you for malpractice for every penny you have got, I'll do my level best to ruin you. Do you understand me?
I understand you perfectly. You leave that girl alone, you wretched man, or you will be sorry.
Let him be guided not by my wishes and not by Rose's wishes, although I am sure they are identical. Let him be guided by the wishes of the creative power of life itself, because that is what has spoken through me tonight.
Daddy wouldn't hear that. Now the redhaired boy you see sitting there, of course you have met him, he is my oldest son and my most brilliant child. All children have great creative powers, but I don't want to rattle on about my children, they say I brag too much about them, especially about Brother. Am I boring you, Rose?
Mother, Buddy says Rose got in his bed last night and he fiddled with her and she snorted and had a fit  and he says I would too if I was grownup. Is it true, Mother  would I sweat and snort and froth at the mouth and have a horrible fit like he says?
You mustn't be a tattletale, dear. You mustn't be Delilahish and Jezebelish toward your brother, dear.
What's the matter with him?
Excuse me... your voice is familiar and I'm sure I know you from somewhere...
Well, I... I... ahh, let's see...
Oh. Oh, God. Of course, Dave, how are you?
Well, that's interesting, Dave. I always liked Washington, it's a pretty town.
Ha ha, course you make a lot more. What's that you got there, Buddy?
Galley what?
How about that. Well, you always were a screwball.
I don't mean that the way it sounds. Imagine it, a book. And I used to know you personal way back when. Tell me something, Buddy, how do you dream up all that stuff?
Heh heh heh heh, same old Buddy, always jokin' around. Almost as much of a joker as your Daddy. I saw your Daddy a coupla years ago, I was up in Glenville lookin' at a motel site. I guess that's where you're headed, huh, to see him?
Hey, girl! Hey, you, give us another drink! Dumb little bitch, supposed to give us two in the first place.
She has other things to do, Dave.
Near Alexandria. It isn't in Alexandria, it is outside it.
That's correct  outside it, not in it. As for the job, well, the Jewboy suppliers give me a lot of grief and we use a pile of niggers to haul and tote and they ain't worth a sorryass damn. But I can build anything, Buddy. Give me the plans and I can build a goddamn staircase to the moon. It's a fact, I can build anything... ... but she never believed that. Oh, hell, no, she never believed in me.
Doubted my ability all along, the little bitch. I never remarried, Buddy, you know that, don't you?
She's te reason  cured me of women once and for all. Oh, I got rid of her, Buddy, I didn't waste no time kickin' that bitch out. Hell, she was screwin' everybody in Savannah. I caught her in a motel with this long tall son of a bitch and boy did I beat the everlastin' piss out of him!
Dave, you are as full of shit as a Christmas turkey and you know it. Now if you want to start a fight on this plane and get yourself in jail, go right ahead. But I am telling you, you are full of shit right up to your eyeballs.
Dave Schapiro is no horse doctor and Rose has been a good wife to him for a long time. To call her a nymphomaniac is the most stupid thing I ever heard in my life.
Yeah, it took her a while to grow up and find Mr. Right, but she did it. She found him.
Yeah, I remember it.
Yeah, I'll do that, Dave.
Dave, I haven't seen Rose for years.
What do you want me to tell her, Dave?
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I don't know, I... I...
I... I'll get the grits.
Yes, crazy about you! Kiss me, Mr. Hillyer!
No, no! You don't understand, I love you! It's real love and I can't help it! Please kiss me, Mr. Hillyer, I love you, I love you so much...
Don't make me... me... me... get up!
Goddamn you, girl! You've made me make a fool out of myself, damn your hide, but let me tell you I am standing at the pass of Thermopylae and I won't budge! The very idea, my own home with children in the house, to say nothing of my wife  ohh, you had better believe I am standing at Thermopylae, you little nut, you had better believe it! What are you, crazy? A man is supposed to be a fool like this, but a woman is supposed to have some control and sense! Are you a nitwit? What's the matter with you?
Rose, Rose, Rose, you poor miserable little child, don't you know I love you? Do I have to put my hand on your body or kiss your pretty lips to prove it? You are beautiful to me, Rose, I've loved you since you first came here, darlin'. And don't you know Mrs. Hillyer loves you, too, that she's already taken you into her heart, and that that woman's heart is as wide as the blue sky itself and as deep as the stars?
Do you know what a friend you have got there? Do you know she would fight for you like a tiger, that she would fly to your defense in an instant with all the courage in her soul if anyone tried to hurt you? Is this any way to repay her trust and love? Are you ashamed as I am ashamed? Don't cry, honey, don't cry. But let me warn you, damn your hide, this is Thermopylae and I am standing here. Do you hear me, damn you. I am standing at Thermopylae and the Persians shall not pass! Now get your tail out of here and go wash those dishes, and stop crying!
Nothin', just goin' to the bathroom.
No, sir.
Nothin'. I got myself up, that's all.
Yeah. I'm goin' out.
If you've got time before you go "out," get me a halfacup of coffee, Rose. Not a whole cup, a halfacup.
Umhmmuhh. I never drink a whole cup, my nerves can't stand the caffeine. Ehhhh, Lord awful insomnia in reverse last night. Lay there and sweated blood for hours.
Well, it has buttons.
There are more on the other side.
My rose. It's kind of like a motto. People will say, there comes Rose with her rose.
Yes, sir. I had to go to the bathroom.
Oh, anywhere downtown.
Oh, I'll just mosey around here and there.
It'll do just fine. Byebye, see you later.
Yes, Mr. Hillyer, it was. I... I heard strange voices in the night.
Yes, sir.
Ohhhhh, ohhh...
I'm not hungry.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Wonderful. Except I can touch the place back there with my tongue, I wouldn't even know I had that tooth pulled.
Boy, for four or five days there I didn't think I'd live. But I'm my old self again!
Oh, no, sir.
That's all you've got to say, you've got a bad cold?
I didn't mean to bite him. He was hitting Horton with a blackjack in the meanest way and... and I bit him accidental.
I didn't mean to bite him, I really didn't.
Yes, air.
Yes, sir.
Where is he? Where have you got him hid? Ah, ha!
Well, it's Billy.
Well, Mr. Hillyer, Billy's very poor, he don't have no money and there wasn't no place else to go.
He's a nice boy, you'd like him. He wants to be a fireman.
Under the mattress. I hid 'em so you wouldn't be mad. He wants to marry me, he loves me. I can't marry him, he's too young and hasn't got no job, but he loves me... now you wouldn't hurt him, would you?
Rose, darlin', you break my heart. But I am only a human man myself of the father variety. Rose, pack your bag, baby, as of this moment you are hired, mired and fired.
What's the use, there ain't none.
God forbid. You're not sick, Rose, forget it. Don't get any notions in your head, you're not sick.
Well, I have got news! I called long distance and spoke to Cousin Hop and you'll be glad to know, Rose, I have found you a job!
Yes, Tennessee, a lovely state!
Ahhhh, you'll like it. It's a fine, outdoortype job.
No, no, not exactly. It isn't a farm in the sense that it's a farm. Not at all. It's a... dairy establishment. You'll 1ike it! I'm sure you'll like it because it's so... peaceful!
What?
Mine.
Yes, mine. I'm going to have one.
Yes, I am.
Yes, Mr. Hillyer, I am.
I haven't had my period for three months and my stomach is getting big.
It's so, Mr. Hillyer.
You're looking very chipper this morning, Rose. Sow do you feel?
Well, we know you were there. The bill that hospital sent was absolutely horrendous.
Rose... I hate to be mean, but... Oh, nevermind, forget it.
Nothing, Rose.
Well, well, well. So Miss Rosebud has arrived. Unhmm. And you're all assembled here. Yes, indeed. Un hmmm.
Yes, it's so nice I thought I'd work outside.
Slow, hon. But at least I can concentrate now that Rose is here.
Turn up your hearing aid.
Your hearing aid, it's buzzing at me like a snake.
I asked you what you think of Rosebud, now that she's been here a while.
Umhmm. Almost too perfect.
Well, I'll admit I don't see any flies on her yet.
Well, she must have done something to encourage those scoundrels in Birmingham, even if she did run away from them.
Hope for the best? I don't understand all this skepticism. I thought you liked Rose.
Hotcha character. If I had to live with your cynicism, I wouldn't want to live at all. What you can't understand is that the creative forces of the universe are positive, not negative.
I'm not in the fourth dimension   you are in the fourth dimension, when you allow skepticism and doubt to take control. As Blake said, if God had doubt the sun would go out.
Be nice to Rose. She's never had a real home.
I'll drive you, darlin'. You've got no business behind the wheel of an automobile. You don't think about what you're doing and you'll run into a telephone pole.
All right, darlin'.
No, darlin'. Just that damnable insomnia in reverse. I sleep like a baby for an hour then I'm wide awake. You go back to sleep.
Why, they won't either. She looks pretty. And I wish you wouldn't pick on the poor girl all the time. Don't listen to him, Rose, you look pretty, even beautiful.
I'm serious. We forget he's just a child. I wish you'd speak to him.
They'll put her in jail. The damn little fool might as well be naked.
Who doesn't have such thoughts? We'd better get going.
Just halfacup of coffee. I never eat, darlin', you know that. Not eating and reverse insomnia are my curses. Let's go, Rose, you and Brother, let's hit the road.
I wish you wouldn't pick on Rose and tease her like that. Of course her clothes are silly, but she's ignorant, naive, she doesn't know any better.
Well, I admit that outfit isn't very modest. But she doesn't mean any harm, she just wants to attract, attention.
I don't think you understand her. It isn't sex she wants, it's love she wants and this is the only way she knows how to get it.
He and his wife both said she had a fine moral character and was wonderful with children.
But that's a wonderful quality, not a bad quality. Have a little patience with her. She's such a goodhearted little thing and tries so hard.
Be kind to her. She loves you so much. In a perfectly proper way, of course.
Well, she's back.
Quarter of twelve.
I don't see any bruises or broken bones.
No reason at all, darlin'.
Forgive my crudity, darlin'. All I'm saying is that a girl who would wear clothes like that is going to get in trouble sooner or later.
Yes, darlin', time will tell.
Rose, my patience is wearing thin. First a scruffy man who runs like a deer and now a sulky boy who wont go away. This is getting to be a regular monkey and dog show.
Rose, I realize you don't know this boy, but if you know anybody who does know him, if you have even a faint clue as to who he might be, then convey to him that he had better stay away from my house and stop scaring my wife... and I don't mean maybe.
I will not sit here and listen to you be brutal to this poor girl.
You certainly are! She has an awful toothache, look at her jaw, it's all swollen.
I am not responsible for her epizootics and I did not bring about her epizootics. Now listen to me. When I have to get up in the middle of the night and defend my home with a shotgun against a couple of damned scoundrels fistfighting in the bushes
Boys? You say to me boys?
Now darlin', what has the South got to do with this?
I don't intend to mock you, dear. I respect your philosophy. It's beyond my comprehension, but I respect it.
Just a moment! You are not going to fire this girl for an innocent thing like having boy friends, not while there is breath in my body!
It isn't her fault if she's popular... what?
Well, that's very reasonable. Howe I hate to bring it up, but she's got an awful toothache, we've got to carry her to the dentist.
Well, she does seem to cause a lot of trouble, I admit. But she doesn't mean any harm and it'll break the children's hearts, they all love her.
Who is to say our morals are better than hers? But maybe you're right. She could... influence Dolly...
But morals come from the heart, not from rigid rules and empty laws. And in her heart Rose has never hurt anyone and she never would. Therefore, she's not immoral. Not really.
But what I said is the simple truth. And now I see something else, I see more deeply into it...
Well, I have a pretty good idea.
They follow her because she's a   no, I won't say that.
Darlin', Rose has got to go!
Excuse me, sir, are you calling my wife a liar?
I can't stand that polecat. They ought to hang him.
He's a polecat, dear.
I don't see how you can even think of it now.
I don't care where the polecat studied.
She's like a different person. Being so sick made a big impression on her. I really think she's learned a lesson.
She hasn't actually done anything...
It has been three weeks since I "fired" her. Is there no way to get rid of this girl? Are we stuck with her for life?
The hell we can't.
No, she doesn't, she's fine, fine. She's perfectly healthy, don't give her ideas.
She's just nervous and worried. And you would be, too, if you had no job and no place to go.
Honey, Rose was born on a farm and has terrible memories of farm life. Now I don't think
I don't know how you can call it ideal  don't you know what the word "farm" means to her?
It sounds like a farm to me. Calling it a dairy establishment, that's just trickery and flummery.
This is a total catastrastroke. As of this moment I am stumped, I admit, I am stumped and treed both, the hound dogs have me surrounded.
You're not going to get anywhere with that line of questioning. The problem is, what are we going to do?
She already told you, she doesn't know.
Ah, ha! Hold the phone! No forwarding address, huh? In the shock of this brilliant move, I forgot something.
I forgot that Rose will lie like a child. She's no more pregnant than I am, she just doesn't want to go to that farm!
She doesn't have to take her panties off, we can see her stomach with 'em on. All she has to do is pull up her dress and let us see her belly.
I am poleaxed and in a non compos mentis condition. I wash my hands or the whole thing.
Honey, that's no way to talk to the Doctor, he's merely doing his job, dear.
Over... my... dead... body!
Well, now, darlin'... give me a chance to defend myself.
Well, I... I hadn't thought about it that much. I was thinking... well, it's an idea, the girl is oversexed, and...
Well, I know, more so. That's why I was thinking... maybe she'd be better off.
How is she?
It's twenty after one.
I'm afraid it's my fault. I made her feel guilty this morning  Brother, what are you doing up?
Who?
Well, thank God we are rid of her at last. And the best thing of all is that she's happy. The little nut is happy, she found Mr. Right in the nick of time!
Honey, he is Mr. Right.
The point is you don't grow up like that on a diet of sorghum and hominy grits. She got protein somewhere, she's a very strong girl and I think she'll live... despite the delay in medical treatment.
Well, it's a disaster. I don't know what to say, Doctor, I am floored. How dangerous is the operation?
Well, if it isn't malignant and she can get through the operation all right, it might be better than her really being pregnant. She doesn't even know who the father might have been.
Go ahead, Doctor, I think I am following you.
Go on, Doctor.
Then... may I speak quite frankly with you, Mr. Hillyer?
I have of course observed the girl in treating her.
I think we both know her.
Well, you rascal, where'd you come from?
About as good as can be expected with one foot in the grave. Good to see you, son. Did you bring any of that Yankee whisky with you?
It's Yankee whisky to me.
Your wife and children are back in New Hampshire in the snow?
Are they polar bears, too?
Got another twenty years in it, boy. By the way, son, do you recall Rose, that pretty blonde girl who came to our house way back in 1935 or 1936 and caused such a damnable commotion.
How could that be, son?
What's all this about Rose? What do you mean, you heard from her in a manner of speaking?
What sad news? Did her cancer come back?
Is her husband sick or something?
The pitiful son of a bitch said Rose was a nymphomaniac.
You're damn right it incensed me, the miserable bastard. He also said the kikes and the niggers have taken over Washington. D.C.
He didn't lose her, he threw her away.
You know, I don't know this town any more. All this traffic, new buildings, prosperity... Where have the years gone, Daddy? Where is the little town I knew as a boy?
That's what she would say herself.
It always gives me a funny feeling to come home. Dear old Southland. Gone. It's all gone, Daddy   except you, you're still here.
It's funny you would mention Rose, I was thinking about her all the way up in the car. Or maybe it isn't so funny.
All right, Daddy. We have our drink, we're out on the patio, you have prepared me for it. Rose's cancer has come back, hasn't it?
Dead, Rose is dead? You mean... she died?
But... but how? She was young! Rose wasn't old!
Excuse me, I'll be right back.
I know. You loved her. So did I. It was an awful shock to me, too. An awful shock. Rose was so alive it's hard to believe.
It's true, son. The girl with the cornflower eyes is dead, she is no more,
Nobody lives forever, boy. Who'd want to?
Now look, boy, get a grip on yourself. Rose had a good life. She found her. Right, didn't she? She triumphed over everything, what are you blubbering about?
Rose is almost as sentimental as Mother. If there's one thing I can't stand it's sentimentality. In Chattanooga this man committed an almost perfect murder. He killed his wife with a black widow spider.
Daddy says Rose is calm as lettuce. Do you believe that, Doll?
It's pitiful. Neither one of them know.
No, he doesn't. Not really.
She's watching the car again?
I get so irritated with Daddy. He's so dumb sometimes.
Yeah.
Okay.
At least.
They're discussing it.
This is my place and you can't have it.
He's trying to get up  good God, one of her titties is out!
Now I can't see. What are they doing?
Wow! Brrrother!
Buddy, this is amazing, you wouldn't believe it.
He kissed her.
He had his hand on her titty.
She's putting the titty back.
Buddy, that was pretty snotty of you, pushing me away like that just when it was interesting.
Wasn't Daddy wonderful? He wanted to kiss her some more and play with her, but he didn't, because he loves Mother and all of us, and he loves Rose, too. Isn't he wonderful, isn't he great?
You know, Buddy, sometimes you make me sick.
Shut up, Doll. I'll cut your guts
Buddy, I'm worried about Rose.
She hasn't got any sense. In some ways, she's awful dumb.
Then why does she act so dumb?
What is Rose going to do? Where can she go?
You better not snoop, Daddy'll kill you!
Mother is struggling desperately. In fact she's fighting like a tiger. But I don't know, it's close, it's mighty close.
Doll, don't ask childish questions.
Sense doesn't mean anything to Rose. But I think we're on safe ground now. Daddy chained up the ladder, whoever it is can't get in the house.
Rose says she's goin' to have a baby and she sure looks it, but I don't think so.
That's the least of her troubles. Rose had a rare tropic disease and the little tubes in her that babies swim down are all stopped up, she told me all about it.
Why is it taking so long?
The new girl is here.
She talks a great deal and smiles a lot. She's very pretty, she has a real good figure. She's very girlish or womanish, if you know what I mean. She wouldn't hurt anybody, this girl. She couldn't.
You mean confirmed, Mother. I didn't confirm it before. I would have had to confirm it previously, in order for it to be reconfirmed.
In the kitchen drinking all the ice water in Glenville. She walked out here, she didn't go by the hotel.
Brother, when I have to wake you up at eleven o'clock in the morning you're either sick or you were up very late last night. And you weren't reading Huckleberry Finn. I looked and its not in your room. Now what were you doing?
Oh, Brother, I am so disappointed in you. You mustn't look at those horrible things, they degrade the human image.
This is for your own good. When you look at negative, destructive things like those little filthy comic books, you are sick. Here, take this.
Stop gagging like that and putting on a show, and swallow it.
What did you say, Brother?
No, you didn't say that, Brother.
Children, children! Be quiet, all of you! The vibrations in this house are strange today. Where's Rose, anyhow?
What'd you say, Brother?
Oh, yes, it's Thursday. Hello, Rose, dear... ... my, you're... looking pretty...
I do wish you'd speak to Brother. It's true he's been looking at those horrible little books again.
Now I have a plan about Rose, an educational plan. She's getting better and we don't want any more trouble  Brother, you ought to hear this.
You were up late last night, Brother.
Reading dirty comic bocks. And you admitted it?
Son, was Rose in your room last night?
I never saw anything like it. How did she pick him up so fast?
The girl strikes like a cobra.
Yeah, he's still up there.
What do you think, Brother?
He's not coming back again. We scared the rascal off, son. Come on back to supper. Your mother has a theory about how to educate Rose.
Well, it's not very plain.
But how would you find him?
Well, I don't know. No, I don't know, Daddy, I think the rain has obscured it.
See, son? The paint is flaked off here, freshly. Look at it, Brother, there is no question about it. Some person or persons unknown have very recently tampered with this ladder.
And there's only one reason anybody would want this ladder  to get up into Rose's bedroom in the dark of night! I am going to chain up this ladder and padlock it!  and that is not all I am going to do!
Daddy, what's the matter?
I heard you talking. Hasn't Rose come in?
Neither do I.
I do, too.
Oh, Waski, you don't know anything.
All right, what do you know?
He did lie, and... and... and Mother, yesterday he stole money out of your pocketbook!
Of course not!
Lots of things. Buddy, mostly.
Sure. Let me take your suitcase.
Nobody.
They were just bad men, that's all.
Bad is bad, Buddy. There ain't no sense to it.
Was that what they tried to do? Was that why Daddy gave you the job, to save you from those scoundrels?
Hey, Rose, did you hear about that terrible thing down in Cave Springs?
There was this old man that ate his niece.
He really did, he ate his little niece. He made pork chops out of her.
Well, it's only the truth. There are horrible things in the world, Rose.
No, I'm awake. What's the matter?
Well, all right.
What is it, Rose?
What'd you do, Rose?
You were pretty bad, huh?
But, Rose, what is the cause of it all?
But, Rose, how could such a thing as that happen?
Hmmm, it's soft. It's awful soft.
Well, I thought they were more like a cantaloupe.
There's some kind of gristle in it, though.
Actually, I am, though.
Can I put my hand inside your nightgown, Rose?
Rose, can't I see what the nipple on it is like?
But I'm curious, Rose.
Buddy, you don't realize it but what you're doing isn't nice.
You don' t need to know that. It's none of your business.
Well, are you satisfied now? Can we just lie and talk, huh?
'Course it does.
All right, that's enough. You're just a child and wouldn't understand it, but that type of thing can stir a girl up. Now lie back and we'll talk.
Don't mention it.
Who would want to do such a thing as that?
You know, Buddy, sometimes I can't figure you out at all. You can be very nice, but like your mother said there's an evil streak in you.
There ain't none in your Daddy. You know, what happened has just made me love him all the more. I not only love him, I respect him, I admire him.
Most men wouldn't do what he done. If they can get a girl they go right ahead and get her  I guess to hell they do, just like a dern rabbit. 'Course later they'll tell her she's no good when they done the same thing their selves. They're a bunch of monkeys. I like 'em, but they're a bunch of monkeys.
Why, Buddy, shut your mouth! What an awful thing to say, and where did you get any such idea as that, anyhow?
Well, now that is just too bad! Curiosity killed the cat.
No! You ought to be ashamed of yourself astin' such a nasty things a child your age!
Of course you can't! I'm... I'm shocked at you, Buddy, real shocked! Now you be quiet or I'm going back to my own bed!
Well, you're sweet, but you don't really love me.
Buddy, you're just a child.
Well, nothin'.
But Rose...
Am I hurting you?
But why, if I'm not hurting you?
Rose, are you all right? Are you sick or something?
Buddy, you wouldn't tell nobody, would you?
I sure hope you don't. I gotta get outta here, good night.
I hate to turn on this light, you Daddy's awake downstairs, but I have to take the chance. Buddy, please don't tell on me.
Buddy, I have to ask you, as bad as I've been please have pity on me and don't ruin me by telling them what I did. I know it was bad, it was bad and dumb. But mostly it was dumb, I didn't mean you no harm, I'd never want to hurt a hair on your head and that's the truth. I love you. But they'd think I did, they'd think I was awful, they'd despise me and hate me...
Oh, Buddy, you do love me! I knew you did, knew it all the time...
You're going to get yourself up and go out?
Here comes Daddy.
Did your Momma really give you castor oil?
You're my sweetheart.
Well, he might be that man who followed me home from the store the other day. But I don't know who he is, Buddy, I really don't.
Rose, if you don't keep your boyfriends away from the house, Daddy is going to fire you.
Oh, he's so kind, so gentle inside, and so unhappy with that rich wife who doesn't understand him, her being a Southerner and everything, and what a bedside manner he has got  so gentle and kind beneath the professor way he acts!
You don't know the bedside manner that man has got. Why, it does me good just to see him sit there all solemn and go pokin' in his bag like he's gonna cure me, which he did of course. And even more important he loves me, like a patient I mean, the other day he got tears in his eyes just listenin' to my heart beat.
Yeah, he tried to hide it but I saw 'em, and a little bit he says to me, "You know, you are beautiful." Now wasn't that a nice thing for a doctor to say to a patient, wasn't it? What could cheer a girl up more?
He's got doubts about hisself and that's the saddest thing of all. Would you believe that poor man thinks nobody likes him?
Well, I like him. I used to be afraid of doctors but not any more. Why, he could operate on me any old time and I wouldn't even be scared.
I ain't neither. Listen here, Buddy, besides all his vast medical knowledge, he has the most kindest heart beneath the professor way he acts  he wants justice in the world and he's got some real interestin' ideas.
You won't die, Rose.
I gotta find out what they're saying. You lie back and rest, Rose, and I'll give you a report on it.
Hi, Buddy. How's my sweetheart who never told on me when I was bad?
Makin' homes for purple martins, huh? We had 'em on the farm. They're the prettiest things. That's what I wish I was, a bird. Just fly around catch bugs and have a lot of fun.
Take a little walk with me, huh?
They're dumb things. I got tired of them.
Five hundred rabbits?
How did the rabbits kill him?
Well, that doctor said you got protein somewhere and I guess he was right.
What was your mother like?
Maybe it was eating all those rabbits that made you sexy, Rose.
They're filthy, Mother.
I know, Mother.
I am in awe of it, Mother.
Oh, Mother, not the castor oil.
Yes?
She must have gone out for a walk with the children.
She isn't here. And I'm sorry, but Mr. Hillyer doesn't want her to have callers during working hours.
I said she isn't here. NOW you go home. Be a nice boy and go home.
Day or night?
I'm heading out of town.
What?
Could you?
A place you've never been.
Why am I doing this?
We flopped the first time out.
Could be.
A quantum one.
The Buddhists have been saying that for a millennium.
Of what?
What did it want?
Like now?
Inside every semiconductor... you have two particles, with opposite charges, separated by an impassable barrier...
A five hundred foot thick steel wall. But the connection between these two electrons is so
That they tunnel, magically, through any obstacle, defying the practical laws of physics, in order to end up together
I didn't want to leave things the way we did. Not this time.
I've been dreaming about this.
What?
So I can move on. You too.
You taking any medication?
Dad...
You did.
You did miss
What was her name?
What was her name? The one I met.
Yes....
Good. Well, I'll be seeing you.
They didn't have a leg to stand on. There's no case against me. It's a clumsy thing to have happen, but nothing to worry about.
Thanks.
Yes, sir, it's here on the truck, but it's pretty heavy  I'll need help.
Shall we unpack it?
I'd be glad to, Mr. Igor. I think I'll have somethin' to tell you soon.
She is the soul of that statue.
What are you laughing at?
I'd know him anywhere.
If my curiosity is not too great, would you mind telling me what manner of animal this is you are designing?
And he isn't struck dead! This man, he lives! It would be interesting to know, young man, where and when you studied anatomy.
Everything, my friend. And you hope to be a great sculptor  A great sculptor. Look  this forearm is at least two inches too long.
If it is freedom to represent people with limbs that don't match  cripples  you have achieved your purpose. Anatomy! Heaven forgive you. You must have studied with a sideshow of freaks!
To lunch, you say. I am having coffee and sandwiches sent in. We are not leaving until we have everything ready for the opening.
That is unfortunate. They will have to wait.
If you leave before the work is done, you will be gone for a much longer period ... you will be gone for good.
I wouldn't feel too disappointed at the slimness of your audience tonight, Mr. Igor. The weather was against you, and the people are tired and getting over their celebration and preparing to go to work tomorrow.
I came back for some of the books. I am trying to straighten out the accounts. I don't hope to impress you, but I may as well tell you: We haven't a farthing!
Your money may have been well invested, my friend. Something important may come of all this.
Is that a fact?
Fire insurance!
A fire! Is this your idea of humor, my friend?
You are asking to burn these people ... you are asking? ...
And you think I will permit this, my friend?
And they are welcome to them. To perpetuate such creatures is to celebrate their crimes.
You're insane.
You are too gracious. These things have some merit, I suspect ... but this ... I am convinced, is fine.
My partner believes that I should build a horror chamber, immortalizing the hideous crimes and criminals of London. At such times Marie Antoinette has reassured me, she has promised me recognition for the devotion I gave to her.
You will have won the undying gratitude of us all. Is that not so, Marie Antoinette?
It will always afford me great pleasure to see you.
Good night. And I am very grateful to you.
Come on, old man, that won't do. You know you're innocent until proven guilty.
Listen, kid. You're in a tough spot, and you can make it a whole lot easier for yourself if you cut out the crybaby stuff
That's what I said.
Your dad has stood for plenty. Now let's get down to cases. When did you see the Dale girl last?
Hmmm. Why didn't you tell that to the police?
Uhhuh. Do you remember what she said? What did you talk about?
I see. Was that all she said?
You weren't going with her?
Well, let's get back to the case in hand. They ordered an autopsy and discovered her body had been stolen from the morgue.
Hold on, hold on. I'm trying to help you, if you're on the square, and I think you are.
That happens to be the truth.
That's what they're going to ask you.
Not even if it gives you a clean bill of health?
What! And let every rag in town grab a redhot story? Not so you could notice it! Now, look, I want you to drive me around the corner and wait for me.
All right, brother. Then you can go to some nice warm place, and I don't mean California.
I told you what to do. Drive around the corner out of sight of the house. I want to get a closer look at the place.
No  No  I  I  I don't want to see it.
You go in for dangerous things.
and so determined to live that I'm going to get out and take a taxi if you don't watch where you're going.
It doesn't usually take that long, but I'll forgive you  you were in a tough spot when I met you.
Oh, is that what caused it?
How much money have you got?
Well, that being the case, I'll take it up with the board of directors. Hey, listen, aviator, here we are!
Don't ask any questions. Come on!
Gee, honeybunch, I'm sorry  I'm going to have to disappoint you.
He might get some publicity out of it.
Who? Old Santa Claus there? That's easy for anyone with my sex appeal. He's a pushover. Watch me stand that old dodo on his ear.
Horsefeathers!
I'm after news, as usual. I wonder if it would be all right for me to slip in and look around your factory?
Well, I'll tell you a secret. I kinda like the old gent and I'm trying to build a special Sunday Magazine story out of him. It might help him a whole lot. But that's a side issue  something I do on my own time.
No. I wanted to do it without saying anything. I think he's worth it.
Better cut that out. That's what happens to girls who bite their nails. What's wrong?
He's not a stag hound. His name is Kelly and he's a police dog.
Plainclothes man. Come on, slaves, drink and be merry for tomorrow you might be appointed correspondent to Washington ... a fate worse than death.
Ain't that something. The mad monk of Manhattan. Here goes nothing. Listen to the animal cracker roar like a lion.
Stories scarcer than caviar at a street cleaner's banquet, and he says, bring me a yarn. All I have to do is get a story.
Call the Homicide Squad!
Fine. You're the first reporter in here for two hours. You people seeing the old year out?
No kiddin'.
I've got a story for you. You know the Joan Gale girl?
Oh, yeah? Maybe she didn't commit suicide. She may have been murdered!
Do you know George Winton?
That's the one.
Don't they? He's down at The Tombs right now.
Why would I string y'? They were sweeties until a month ago.
Nothing. Only she may have tried to blackmail him. You know such things have happened. Anyway, he was at her apartment a few hours before she was found dead.
Make it snappy, Colonel.
Don't give this to anybody else, will you?
Thanks.
Where were you going when you got in that cab?
Don't remember what day that was, do you?
You didn't happen to be going to Worth's place, did you?
You used to go to Worth's place a whole lot. What makes you sure it wasn't there?
As I live and breathe and wear spats ... the prince.
Where did you get the news item? From a little bird?
Charming. More delightful people crippled.
Meaning what?
I'm through clowning. You're all washed up. Get out!
All right, what about it? We get out a paper just the same. Did you ever stop to think of that?
And how does one go about getting these human documents, may I inquire?
Quick, Watson, the cookbook!
If this kid was some unknown soda jerker, they wouldn't have pinched him. But he's George Winton and they're playing him up. It's a Roman holiday for every paper hat editor in New York.
I wouldn't be trying, beloved. I would hang him! And another thing, all this gaga about the body disappearing. Eight bodies have been stolen in New York within the last eighteen months. Doesn't it seem more reasonable to hook this up from that angle?
No, I mean it. I think this kid's entitled to a break.
You give me a pain!
Well, anyway, he couldn't have copped that body  he was in jail.
Well, I won't work on it from that angle.
And they never proved anything against him.
Or was bumped off by someone who was afraid of him.
Well, that's got nothing to do with this case. Can I handle this my way?
All right, you said I was fired. Well, I quit! Give the assignment to somebody else.
Nope, I'm through!
Great! ... If he's worthless we'll give him away as a bridge prize. Come on  beat it. It's five o'clock. You need some sleep.
Sleep on it ... we'll get it tomorrow.
Get out of here.
I want to see the original pictures of Joan Gale.
Well, why so mysterious! Come on, spill it.
I am right! I know I'm right!
Listen, Jim  and if you wisecrack while I'm talking I'll crown you with the inkwell.
Jim, there's a little hokeypokey wax museum opening up down on 14th Street.
I asked you to keep your trap shut!
All right, you poor baboon, you can guess the rest of it!
Just this  I got a look at that dump a little while ago and if they haven't got a wax figure of Joan Gale in that lineup, then I'm crazy.
What!
Listen, Jojo. Does this mean anything to you? Joan Gale's body swiped from the morgue  Did you ever hear of such a thing as a death mask?
And it came to life and divorced you. I know all about that. Now my idea is this: Somebody swipes the girl's body, takes impression, makes a mold, produces wax figure ... Bingo! ... Peddles it to this old skate down there!
Let it go.
All right, Master Mind. But there's something cockeyed about that joint and I'm going to find out what it is.
What do you mean?
No kiddin'?
Almost! I'll still bet I'm right, and let you write your own ticket.
You here again like an evil spirit to mar my happiness?
What do you mean  haywire? You start out after murderers and come back with threeforadime bootleggers. You start to solve murder mysteries and break up crap games. You're grand! I'm for you! Stupendous!
Go on, little girl, take your troubles somewhere else. I don't feel like talking to you.
What goofy idea have you got now? Don't tell me you suspect Judge Ramsey of stealing the body.
Listen, stupid, could I do anything that would possibly meet with your approval?
That's what I said.
What! What are you talking about?
Hello, Express. What's the idea, trying to outsmart the police?
Are you giving me this straight?
Listen, copper, get a load of this. While you're chinning yourself on a bar rail, I run down this story ... my story. Consider yourself my assistant.
Whatever you are, you're the only one of it.
How quaint. But I can go any place you can.
You mean he was colored?
Hey, what do you think you're doing? Put that stuff back!
If you will forgive this poor, crippled stump, my dear, I am very happy to know you.
Although you would be amused if I were to tell you that I knew you before you were born. Before this terrible thing happened to me ... ... I made a very beautiful statue. Even if I had not met with this disaster, I could never have hoped to do anything finer, probably nothing quite so fine. And, my child, you are that figure come to life. I wonder, some time, would you pose for one of my sculptors who does very excellent work?
We'll be coming to the opening.
But I think these things are beautiful.
Oh! Mr. Igor!  I'm so glad you're here  I don't know why I should be, but I was a little bit afraid.
No  I  wanted to speak to Ralph. We had a silly argument last night and I said something unkind.
But it was really my fault.
I'd love to.
It is no trouble at all, my child. This is the strange, vicarious pleasure that remains for me  to see others enjoy the beauty I used to create. My footing is not too secure.
We have found immortality, you and I. You must not be afraid.
Please, oh, please, I haven't done anything to hurt you.
Disappoint me? Why, what do you mean, dear?
Why, certainly, sir. My fiance. Charlotte, may I present Mr. Igor.
But why? She's the best friend I've got.
Nonsense. She's one of the nicest girls I know.
I won't let you say that!
She thinks it's funny to talk the way she does, but
Are we going to have the same quarrel over again?
You wouldn't have said that before you met her.
Well, that's just how stupid I am. When you go riding, it will be with me. And if it's with someone else, you can make it a permanent arrangement.
That's the way I feel about it.
Yes, why?
I wish you wouldn't be so sarcastic about Ralph. He's the sweetest kid I know.
I just had a picture of you telling a landlady some day that you didn't have the rent, but Ralph is awful sweet.
I met one last night ... all the money this side of Peoria.
In the can. The hoosegow! Mrs. Winton's little boy. The Pawk Avenue Wintons, you know ... and plenty of doremi. He's in the jailhouse now ...
I don't think you could have a real affair. You couldn't care for anyone.
I don't agree with you.
You would.
You think money is the only requisite. It happens that the poor people are happier.
But what about lunch?
There's no hurry. It's early.
Why didn't you eat last night?
What's the rush? There's no first act. They'll all be there and we don't have to appear at any particular time.
You wouldn't get mixed up with that little rotter, would you?
If you're going to be indiscreet, I wish you'd be a little more discreet about it. Rich men, like Winton, love you and leave you.
I think so.
You killed him! Come on with the rest of it. You killed him!
But you were in on it  you worked for him.
You lie!
By the time we return there, all the preparations for the blood transfusion are completed.
The blood transfusion is now in progress. The only words are curt orders like: 'Now!  Quickly!  That's enough!  Give it to me!  Sit still!' etc.
The blood transfusion continues. Marc has positioned himself outside the circle of light from the lamp, so that he can see Nikolas in bright light, while he himself sits in the dark. Nikolas watches Lone's face anxiously and closely during her struggle with death. Life slowly seems to return to her, and her breathing becomes more peaceful. She opens her eyes and looks at the people round her, but she is much too enfeebled to speak, and closes her eyes again. Marc keeps a close watch on Nikolas, who grows paler and paler. His eyes swivel slowly from Nikolas to the patient and back to Nikolas again.
The blood transfusion is completed. While Marc himself is looking after the patient, the nurse leads Nikolas into an adjoining room, where she makes him sit down and prepares his bandage. The doctor stands bending over Lone.
Yes, the child ...
Yes.
But ... the dogs...
No?
What were you dreaming about?
That spoke to you?
What did it say?
Yes!
What is it?
Go to sleep!
I'm losing my blood!
Yes!
Dr. Meirschultz, please.
What are you going to do?
No, you can't do thatthey'll get suspicious
Not so fast, Mrs. Buckley. That was your idea!
How? What can I do?
It sounds all right, except for the fact that she's crazy. It seems to me she has the right idea.
I'm detective Jones. Just dropped in to tell you a bit of news.
By the way, where <U>is</U> your assistant?
How do you do.
Yeah, he was picked up also the body from the morgue. Say, what did you have to do with stealing that body?
Sothat's it. Buckley took the body.
Oh, yes, he's in good hands now.
Do you have many patients, doctor?
Mind if I look around? Seems to me you have car ried on some interesting experiments. Sure of himself but taking no chances. MAXWELL Sure, I'll take you thru.
Oh, just the basement. Some day I intend to build an experimental laboratory down there. It will save me from intrusion.
You here again?
Oh, nothing. He is crazy, that's all. I had a little trouble with him.
Oh, nothing. A cou ple of my patients having a little argument.
It won't do any good. They are a pair of wouldbe mur deresses fighting it out.
Oh, <U>I'm</U> crazy, am I? Let me tell you something. Those women havethe gleam
I understand from your neighbors that all [them] cats are making noise at night. Dr. Meirschultz has put in a complaint.
[Lot of] How many cats you havewhat's the matter rats?
Thousands?
What' s the idea [of wanting so many] do you sell them [to the doctor]?
Oh, I see. Cats' fur.
But where do the rats come in?
Oh, him. He has a cat of his own. But his assistanthe's the cathatenest man I ever saw. Goofy, if ya ast me.]
Surethey're sorta queer, I'd say. They's lots of queer goings on up there. They even brought a dog back to life once.
It may be, but to my notion, those that monkeys with what they got no business to get queer sooner or later.
I know I am. Why, I even heard a shot up there last night.
No
I don't know, [I tell you].
NoI don't want to give any money. Everybody wants moneyI'm not going to give any money.
Maybe you want my money, too.
Youa friend to me?
I don't knowI can't tell
Hmpressure To Buckley. That's all right. We'll talk later.
Papersthey all want me to sign papers.
YesI can't stand it everybody wants papers oh, oh
Did you wish to see someone?
You mean he doesn't work for you?
It isyou know what a struggle he's had.
He's inherited a fortune.
He hardly knew of them him self. I believe it was his uncle in Australia.
Don't tell him. I want to be the first to bring him the news.
OkayI'll be here at eight.
ShshI want to have a few words with you quietly.
[Perfectly friendly, my dear.] At last, I have really a secure living for us. We can travel or anything we choose.
SureI have one little job to accomplish, then we can leave together. No doubt you are surprised at this disguise.
I knew there was a catch in this some placebut spill it. Quiet and dramatic. MAXWELL In the other room, I have a crazy woman that I have been treating.
Quiet, will you? This is ser ious. Our lives are in danger.
That's what I said. Now, lis ten to me. I want you to help me take this woman down stairs. I will give her a shot. You can take care of her till I get help.
Imagineshe was alive. What a horror. Could have been buried alive. She must have run away from the morgue.
Just before she died she came to
Said &quot;doctor&quot;[something]
By gosh, them stiffs are get tin' heavier and more of 'em every day. They even got the coroner working overtime.
You didn't even mention the suicides. Did you notice the beaut that came in today?
That's the one that's got the coroner doing nightwork.
They thought she'd be coming to me.
Yes.
Everyone concerned thought... if they could get her to give back the money... they could avoid involving her with the police.
He was out when I was there. If he's back he probably isn't even in bed yet.
Was that all?
Now wait a minute, Sam. You sure you saw an old woman?
And you want to tell me you saw Norman Bates' mother.
Nothing. Here, let's clear the path.
You must've seen an illusion, Sam. Now, I know you're not the seeing illusion type... But no woman was illusion there and I don't believe in ghosts, so there it is!
Mother, please...
Mother, she's just a stranger... hungry, and the weather's bad...
Go on, go tell her she'll not be appeasing her ugly appetite with my food... or my son! Or do I have to tell her, cause you don't have the guts? Huh, boy? You have the guts, boy?
Just coming up to ring for you.
We'd hoped to make it straight to San Francisco, but we don't like the look of that sky. Looks like a bad day coming... doesn't it.
Better sign in first, hasn't we?
Uh, uh! My boss is paying for this trip... ninety percent business... and he wants practically notarized receipts. I better sign in and get a receipt.
Haven't any.
Looking for me?
Satisfied with your cabin?
I've been doing all the talking so far, haven't I?
I always thought it was the people who are alone so much who do all the talking when they get the chance. Yet there you are, doing all the listening! You are alone here, aren't you? It would drive me crazy.
Just an expression... What I meant was... I'd do just about anything... to get away. Wouldn't you?
This place! This isn't 'a place.' It's my only world. I grew up in that house back there. I was a happy child. My mother and I... we were more than happy.
My mother is not dead!
You look frightened. Have I been saying something frightening?
I've been talking about your mother... about your motel. How are you going to do it?
Buy a new one! In a new town! Where you won't have to hide your mother!
Where will you get the money to do that, Bates... or do you already have it... socked away... a lot of it...
...Forty thousand dollars!
Why don't you call Norman and let him say just what happened, if he give the man a hot lead and he did just scooted off... it'll make the girl feel better, Albert.
Recluse. Kinder word.
Norman? Sheriff Chambers. Been just fine, thanks. Listen, we got some worries here. Did you have a man stop out there tonight... Well, this one wouldn't be a customer, anyway. A private detective, name of...
Arbogast. And after he left? No, it's okay, Norman. How's it been going out there? Well, I think you oughta unload that place and open up closer in to the action, a smaller place, you know... but...
He told you he wasn't coming right back cause he wanted to question Norman Bates' mother, right?
It ain't only local history, Sam, it's the only murderandsuicide case in Fairvale ledgers! Mrs. Bates poisoned this guy she was... involved with, when she found out he was married, then took a helping of the same stuff herself. Strychnine. Ugly way to die.
Went out before service.
Oh?
You didn't! It's tinkerbell. Al wants to be sure he'll hear it if anyone rings it in the middle of the night. Well come on in, at least!
Let's go out back and have some coca while the men are talking.
Yes. He traced her to that motel, out on the old highway...
He traced her there and called us to say he was going to question Mrs. Bates...
No. An old woman, his mother. That was early this evening. And we haven't seen or heard from him since. I went out to the motel, just got back. No one was in the office, and...
Maybe you saw Mary!
We thought, if you didn't mind, we'd go out to the motel with you.
In quite a hurry.
You slept here all night?
There are plenty of motels in this area. You should have... I mean, just to be safe...
No, m'am.
Is anything wrong?
Frankly, yes.
Is there?
Now wait just a moment! Turn your motor off, please.
I'm sorry.
Wait a minute!
May I see your license?
Please.
You have a vacancy?
I thought I'd gotten off the main...
Your home address. Oh, just the town will do.
I want sleep more than anything. Except maybe, food.
Am I that close to Fairvale?
Stuffy in here. Well... the mattress is soft and there're hangers in the closet and... stationary with "Bates' Motel" printed on it in case you want to make your friends back home envious... and... the... over there....
I'll be in the office if you want anything... just tap on the wall.
Norman Bates.
I have?
Thank you. Again.
No.
I'd like to.
I've caused you some trouble.
You shouldn't have bothered. I really don't have that much of an appetite.
Don't worry about it. But as long as you've made us supper, we may as well eat it. Huh?
It's all for you. I'm not hungry. Please go ahead.
You'd know, of course.
It's a strange hobby. Curious, I mean.
I imagine so.
A man should have a hobby.
Is your time so empty?
You go out... with friends?
Only my share.
I'm looking for a private island.
Why do you ask that?
Sometimes we deliberately step into those traps.
You should... mind it.
If anyone ever spoke to me, the way I heard... The way she spoke to you, I don't think I could ever laugh again.
She sounded strong...
Except you.
Why don't you go away?
No, not like me.
Wouldn't it be better if you put her in... someplace...
I'm sorry... I didn't mean it to sound uncaring...
I am sorry. I only felt... it seemed she was harming you. I meant...
I've suggested it myself. But I hate to even think such a thing. She needs me... and it isn't... ...it isn't as if she were a maniac, a raving thing... it's just that... sometimes she goes a little mad. We all go a little mad sometimes. Haven't you?
Thank you, Norman.
You're not going to... to your room already?
Phoenix?
Why don't you stay a little while, just for talking.
Alright. I'll see you in the morning. I'll bring you breakfast. What time will you...
Alright, Miss...
That's it.
Call your boss and tell him you're taking the rest of the afternoon off. It's Friday anyway... and hot.
We could laze around here a while longer.
I've heard of married couples who deliberately spend occasional nights in cheap hotels. They say it...
You sure talk like a girl who's been married.
I'm sorry, Mary. My old Dad used to say 'when you can't change a situation, laugh at it.' Nothing ridicules a thing like laughing at it.
The only girlish thing you have lost.
For what?
Okay. What do we do instead, write each other lurid love letters?
And I'm a working man! We're a regular workingclass tragedy!
You can't laugh at it, huh?
Sure. It's like laughing through a broken jaw, but...
You couldn't be a criminal if you committed a major crime.
I have to go, Sam.
No.
We can see each other, we can even have dinner... but respectably, in my house with my mother's picture on the mantel and my sister helping me broil a big steak for three!
Sam! No!
Mary, whenever it's possible, tax deductible or not, I want to see deductible you. And under any conditions. Even respectability.
I'm all for it! It requires patience and temperance and a lot of sweating out... otherwise, though, it's only hard work. But if I can see you, touch you even as simply as this... I won't mind.
I pay, too. They also pay who meet in hotel rooms.
I haven't even been married once yet!
Sam, let's go get married.
I'll lick the stamps.
I'm thinking of it.
Don't miss your plane.
I'm late... and you have to put your shoes on.
May I talk to you?
I'm Mary's sister.
Is Mary here?
I want to know if my sister is here.
With you.
I don't know where. In your store, somewhere in your town... anywhere.
Don't you know?
To begin with, where Mary is. Do you?
Last Friday. She left work, and home... I was in Tucson over the weekend... I haven't heard from her, not even a phone call.
A good reason, I suppose.
Mr. Loomis, you're so busy being defensive that you haven't even reacted to the most serious fact of all. Mary is missing.
What do you know about it?
Look, if you two are in this thing together, I don't care, it's none of my business... But I want to see Mary. I want her to tell me she's all right and it's none of my business. Then I'll go back to Phoenix and...
Huh?
I hate tears.
Yes.
Not that kind... You men and your egos.
Yes... I just... did. The moment they told me...
I just listened... and believed everything they told me. 'She stole the money.' 'We don't want to get her in trouble.' 'No don't bring the police in'...
No. The man whose money she... he talked so loud and fast, and I... I should've called the police.
I ought to call the police right now!
Why not? Sam, is she hiding here? Are you two planning to go away with the money?
She haven't even called you?
I need to... I need to believe something. This is the first time I've ever come up against anything I couldn't... understand.
No. I just think... anything can be explained. But Mary, doing a thing like this... I don't know how to handle...
I came flying up here expecting to get some explanation... for all I know, she may be trying to get in touch with me, at home. I'd better go home.
You want me to stay here?
Where... can I stay?
Sometimes Saturday night has a lonely sound. Ever notice, Lila?
It's been three.
He'll be back. Let's sit still and hang on, okay?
Hundreds! Which one is your pet?
I feel better when you feel better.
You want to run out there, bust in on Arbogast and the sick old lady, shake her up and maybe spoil everything Arbogast's been building for the last three hours.
That wouldn't be a wise thing to do.
Arbogast said...
Got the number of the motel out on the old highway? Bates, I think.
And maybe pass Arbogast on the road? Thanks.
Sam, I'm going.
Stay here.
I don't know... One of us has to be here in case Arbogast's on the way.
Contemplate your... panic button.
Sam.
Where could he have gone?
Without calling me?
Sam, he called me when he had nothing definite, nothing but a dissatisfied feeling. Don't you think he'd have called if he had anything...
Let's go see Al Chambers.
He's the Deputy Sheriff around here.
Well?
Does that mean we can't...
No, thank you. It's my problem, too.
Yes.
I've only been here five. Right now it feels like ten, but...
Maybe I am the seeingillusions type.
I won't feel satisfied unless I got out there, Sam.
I wonder if we'll ever see Mary again.
Alive.
I didn't. I got a job, too. I wonder if that hurt her, my not letting her sacrifice for me? Some people are so willing to suffer for you that they suffer more if you don't let them.
I wonder so many things about her now. Why she never told me about you... Funny, when you think there's an answer to everything, you think you know all the answers.
Do you know how I found out about you? I found one of your letters... it was a nice letter, Sam.
I suppose... when you were able to marry her she'd have presented you, all shiny and proper... she always tried to be proper.
Huh?
You going to wait here for me?
We're going to register. As man and wife. And get shown to a cabin... and then search every inch of that place, inside and... outside.
I believe it.
Someone was at that window. I saw the curtain move.
I'm glad we didn't.
I know. Do you think if something happened, it happened there?
How could we prove... Well, if he opens a new motel on the new highway... say, a year from now...
What makes you sound so certain?
Sorry.
What?
What is it?
That's proof Mary was here! It would be too wild a coincidence for somebody else to...
Yes. But maybe this proves that Bates found out about the money.
Sam, that old woman, whoever she is. I think she told Arbogast something! And I want her to tell us the same thing!
Why not?
It's regular. Okay?
Will you help us? I think something's wrong out there!
She left Phoenix a week ago yesterday. And no trace until...
Yes.
She stole some money.
Forty thousand dollars.
Mary had been there, one night, and had left.
He didn't mention the money. What he said on the phone isn't important, is it? He was supposed to come back after he spoke to the mother, and he didn't! That's what I want you to do something about!
Go out there! Find somebody, ask some questions! I'm sorry if I seem overanxious to you. I keep thinking... something's wrong. I have to know what!
He said he was dissatisfied... and was going back.
Sorry I got you up, boy. Go back to sleep. Yeah, be glad to. Said to give you his regards.
What difference does that...
Yes.
Did he say anything about my sister?
I still feel...
I don't know.
Caroline...? Mary still isn't in?
Buzz me the minute she comes in.
I called her sister, Mr. Lowery, where she works, the Music Makers Music Store, you know? And she doesn't know where Mary is any more than we do.
Her sister's going to do that. She's as worried as we are.
He's lunching with the man who's buying the Harris Street property, you know, that oil lease man... so that's why he's late. You getting a headache?
You got aspirins? I have something... not aspirins, but my mother's doctor gave these to me the day of my wedding. Teddy was furious when he found out I'd taken tranquilizers!
Teddy called. Me... And my mother called to see if Teddy called. Oh, and your sister called to say she's going to Tucson to do some buying and she'll be gone the whole weekend and...
I don't need pills... just sleep.
What?
Can I trade in my car and take another?
Yes, it's... nothing wrong with it, I'm just...
No. Thank you. I'm in... a hurry. I just want to make a change and start...
How much?
It looks fine. How much will it be, with my car...?
Of course not. Please.
Five hundred.
All right.
I think I have the necessary papers. Is there a Ladies Room...
I think you'd better give it a trial spin. Don't want any bad word of mouth about California Charlie.
I'll be perfectly honest with you, Ma'am. It's not that I don't trust you, but...
No, M'am. I was only about to say, I've sent my mechanic out to give your car a little test... that's all.
Okay. If you'll come along...
Wouldn't have been able to tail you if you did.
Sam, they don't want to prosecute, they just want the money back. It was all in cash...
Sam, if she's here...
Not even a hunch. Just hope.
I don't care if you do or... I want to see Mary... before she gets in any deeper...
Who are you, friend?
What's your interest?
Somebody better tell me what's going on and tell me fast! I can take so much and then...
Why?
What are you talking about? What is this?
She was seen leaving town in her car. Seen by her very victims, I might add.
I always forget to put the sign on, but we do have vacancy. Twelve in fact. Twelve cabins, twelve vacancies.
I don't really forget the sign, it just doesn't seem... any use. This used to be the main highway. Want to register, please?
No trouble. Today's linen day. I change all the beds once a week, whether they've been used or not... dampness. I hate the smell of dampness. It's such a dank smell.
No.
I'm looking for a missing person. My name's Arbogast, private investigator... Trying to trace a young girl who's been missing almost a week. From Phoenix. It's a private matter... family wants to forgive her... She isn't in trouble.
I'm not the police.
We have reason to believe she came this way... might have stopped in this area... Did she stop here?
Mind looking at the picture before committing yourself?
Look at the picture. Please.
She might have used an alias. Mary Crane's the real name, but she might've registered...
Now there's a couple even remarking about your sign, and see how easily you forgot them?
You thought no one has stopped here in weeks. Now, try to remember if this girl...
I didn't lie to you. I just have trouble keeping track of... time.
Tell me all about her.
How early?
Of which morning?
No one met her?
Or arrived with her.
She didn't call anyone? Even locally?
You didn't spend the whole night with her did you?
How do you know she didn't make a call?
Back where?
You said she was sitting "back there," or standing rather...
How did she pay you?
Cash or check? For the cabin...
And when she left, she never came back.
I do mind. If it don't jell, it ain't aspic! This ain't jelling.
She isn't still here, is she?
Suppose I wanted to search the cabins, all twelve... would I need a warrant?
I guess I've got one of those faces you can't help believing.
I live there. Alone.
My mother.
If this girl Mary Crane were here, you'd have no reason to hide her would you?
If she paid you well?
Or if she had you say... gallantly protecting her... you wouldn't be fooled... you'd know she was just using you. Wouldn't you?
I didn't mean that as a slur on your manhood. I'm sorry.
Your mother met her? Can I talk to your mother?
Just for a moment. She might have picked up a hint you'd miss.
No! Just no! I have one of those breaking points like any other man, believe it or not, and I'm near it. There's just so much pushing I can take and I think...
He's the only cat left that still grooves me.
What did you tell the people?
Hey, baby, that's good! How'd we come out?
Groovy!
No good, baby, no good. You heard my orders. Nobody retreats. Attack! Attack!
Hey, man, let's stomp Switzerland!
Where's Goebbels? Where's my little Joe?
Lorenzo Saint DuBois. But everybody calls me LSD.
Six months, I'm out on probation, but it's cool now, baby.
Oh, in show business. Well, let's put it this way, my next job will be my debut.
Hey, man, I can't do that here, that's what they put me away for.
Hey, baby, that's where they put me, SingSing. How'd you know that, you been up?
No, not at all sir, we're quite serious. We want to produce your play. I have the contracts right here.
"Deutchland, Deutchland, uber alles, Uber alles in der velt."
Mr. Liebkind, Mr. Liebkind.
People can hear you.
Yes. The actors. I must destroy the actors.
Okay.
I need it. How'm I gonna find the fuse?
I solemnly swear...
By the sacred memory...
Of Siegfried...
Wagner...
Nietzche...
Bismark...
Hindenburg...
The Graf Spee...
The Blue Max...
And last, but not least, Adolph... you know who.
Heil you know who!
Don't forget the checkee. Can't produce playees without checkees.
Finder's keepers.
Feeling better?
Wait. Wait. We can't play today. I have too many appointments.
Thursday. Thursday. We'll play Thursday. We'll play the Contessa and the chauffeur.
Until Thursday, then, Contessa Mio.
All right. All right.
I can't take my eyes off you. How can I drive when you drive me mad. Mad.
Good. That's enough. We'll do the rest on Thursday. That's a good girl. It's always such fun to see you.
Oooh. I love it. Hold me, touch me.
And we'll finish playing the Contessa and Rudolfo.
And after that we'll play the Abduction and cruel rape of Lucretia ... And I'll play Lucretia.
I shall count the minutes.
Of course, the check, I had it with me all the time.
Is it all right? I made it out to cash. You didn't tell me the name of the play.
Til Thursday, my Darling, I shall count the minutes.
Ta. Ta.
Oh, I'd better hurry back. I don't want to miss one minute of it.
Stop looking at me like that. She's not an indulgence. She happens to be our new receptionist. She goes with our new surroundings.
Got dag pa dig.
Hey, Blum, have a cigar.
Nice girl.
Call chauffeur. Get car.
No. We go.
No. No Motel. Get car. Get car.
Very nice girl.
No! No! We don't make love. Go to work.
Mr. Liebkind, wait. You don't understand.
Mr. Liebkind, wait ...
Mr. Liebkind, relax, relax, we're not from the government. We came here to talk to you about your play.
Yes.
We loved it. We thought it was a masterpiece. That's why we're here. We want to produce it on Broadway.
I vas vit him a great deal, you know.
Vit the Fuhrer, of course. He liked me. Out of all the household staff at Berchtesgarten, I vas his favorite. I vas the only one allowed into his chambers at bedtime.
Oh, sure. I used to take him his hot milk and his opium. Achhh, those were the days. Vat good times ve had. Dinner parties vit lovely ladies and gentlemen, singing und dancing. You know, not many people knew about it, but the Fuhrer vas a terrific dancer.
That's because you were taken in by that verdampter Allied propaganda. Such filthy lies. But nobody said a bad vord about Winston Churchill, did they? Oh no, Vin Vit Vinnie! Churchill, vit his cigars and his brandy and his rotten paintings. Couldn't even say Nazi. He would say Narzis, Narzis. Ve vere not Narzies, ve vere Nazis. But let me tell this, and you're getting it straight from the horse, Hitler vas better looking than Churchill, he vas a better dresser than Churchill, had more hair, told funnier jokes, and could dance the pants off Churchill!
Wait. No. How do I know I can trust you? How do I know you vill present this play in the manner and spirit in vhich it vas conceived?
Not good enough... Vould you be villing to take the Siegfried oath?
Good. I will make the preparations.
It was the same thing in Germany. We looked for years before we found the right Hitler.
Franz, don't you see, Hitler was a man of his time. This is a man of his time.
Don't look at the outside, look at the inside. It's the inner Hitler we're after. The young beautiful Hitler, who danced his way to glory.
Franz, trust me. I promise I won't let you down.
Not.
Five o'clock. Killed a whole day playing hideandseek with a crazy Kraut.
Vhere? Vhere?... oh...
Always.
It's that LSD und his verdampter babies!...
You mean out of business. Heh, heh.
Come on. Let's get going.
Here. You see. This is the slow fuse. It is much wider. It has more resistance, more density. Therefore, it burns slower.
Yes. Amazing isn't it?
All right. Finish the job. Let's get outta here.
I can't. I can't do it. It's a demon. It's a gargoyle, it's a monster... but it's still my child.
Of course I need you. It's dark in there.
How do you do. I mean ... Excuse me ... I mean ...
I'll wait in the hall ...
Ooooooops.
Who are you? What do you want? Why are you loitering in my hallway? Speak, dummy, speak! Why don't you speak?
All right. Get a hold of yourself. Take a deep breath, let it out slowly and tell me who you are.
Yes sir.
But sir, I'm not condem ...
You have exactly ten seconds to change that disgusting look of pity into one of enormous respect. One ... Two ...
Yes, sir. Thank you.
Look at that. A white Rolls Royce. That's it baby, when you got it, flaunt it.
I assume you are making those cartoon noises to attract my attention. Am I correct in my assumption, you fishfaced enemy of the people?
Good, what is it?
Go! You have fiftyeight seconds.
You have fortyeight seconds left. Hurry. Hurry.
Twentyeight seconds, hurry, hurry, you're using up your time.
It's nothing ... nothing.
I'm sorry ... I don't like people touching my blue blanket. It's not important. It's a minor compulsion. I can deal with it if I want to. It's just that I've had it ever since I was a baby and ... and ... I find it very comforting.
Mr. Bialystock ...
This is hardly a time for levity. I've discovered a serious error here in the accounts of your last play.
According to the backer's list you raised $60,000. But the show you produced only cost fiftyeight thousand. There's two thousand dollars unaccounted for.
It makes a great deal of difference. That's fraud. If they found out, you could go to prison.
But that's cheating!
Help!
Thank you, Bloom. I knew I could con you.
Nothing. Nothing. Do it. Do it.
Yes. Right. Good thinking. You figure it out. I'm tired. I'm gonna take a little nap. Wake me if there's a fire.
Yes, what?
What was I saying?
Yes, it's quite possible.
Assume away!
What do you mean?
What did I do?
So what? What did it get me? I'm wearing a cardboard belt.
But the play only cost $60,000 to produce.
One night.
But what if the play was a hit?
Aha, aha, aha, aha, aha, aha!! So, in order for the scheme to work, we'd have to find a sure fire flop.
What scheme? Your scheme, you bloody little genius.
Bloom, worlds are turned on such thoughts!
No, Bloom, you don't understand. This is fate, this is destiny. There's no avoiding it.
Oh, I fell on my keys. I've got to get out of here.
You're going to jump on me.
What???
I'm not going to jump on you!
Will you get a hold on yourself.
What are you afraid of? I'm not going to hurt you! What's the matter with you?
What can I do? What can I do? You're getting me hysterical.
Okay. I'm way over here. Is that better?
How's this?
Well, you know what they say, "Smile and the world smiles with you." Heh, heh. The man should be in a straight jacket. Feeling better?
They certainly do. They certainly do. Come, let me take you to lunch.
I got it, Mr. Bialystock.
Okay ... Max! And you can call me Leo.
Oh.
Well, Max, I don't know, Max. What do you think, Max?
Coney Island??
I ... I love it. I haven't been there since I was a kid. But it's nearly two o'clock. I really should be getting back to Whitehall and Marks.
Right.
What kind now, Leo?
Two pistachios, my good man.
I don't know. I think so. I feel very strange.
Yes. That's it. Happy. Well, whatta ya think of that. Happy.
You're right. You're absolutely right. I'm a nothing. I spend my life counting other people's money  people I'm smarter than, better than. Where's my share? Where's Leo Bloom's share? I want, I want, I want, I want everything I've ever seen in the movies!
I'll do it! By God, I'll do it!
You can't feel it when it's in your hand, when it's in your pocket.
I'll tell you what's happening. We've struck gold. Not fool's gold, but real gold. The mother lode. The mother lode. The mother of them all.
A flop, ha! That's putting it mildly. A disaster! A catastrophe! An outrage! A guaranteedtoclose inonenight beauty!
Run a week? Are you kidding? This play has got to close in the first act.
Max, I don't want to take any Siegfried Oath. I don't know what it is, but I don't want to take it. We might end up in the German Army.
There it is... in red and white! "Springtime For Hitler," signed, sealed and delivered. What's the matter with you?
Okay, take it off, take it off.
Mrs. Virginia Resnick. She also owns 50% of the profits.
Leo, what if this play is a hit?
OI. I'm depressed. Leo, do me a favor. Open the safe. I want to see the money.
I'm going to buy a toy. I worked very, very hard and I think I deserve a toy.
They'll say, "Oooh, wah, wah, wah, ooh, ooh."
I'll show you. Ulla, go to work.
Why? Take it when you can get it! Flaunt it, baby, flaunt it!
Stop talking like that, you white mouse! Nothing's going to go wrong. As a matter of fact, today I have taken steps to insure total disaster. At two o'clock we have an appointment with none other than Roger De Bris.
Roger De Bris is the worst director that ever lived.
Only if we ask him.
It's gorgeous. Absolutely gorgeous. You couldn't have picked a better color. It brings out your eyes. Let's face it, Roger, that dress is you.
Here comes the Times Drama Critic.
To failure!
Maybe it's not true!
Bloom, Bloom, maybe it's not true.
Why don't we go over to the theatre and see what's really happening? After all, we've only heard from a small portion of the audience. Let's hear what the majority thinks.
What are you doing with those books? Where are you going?
I never should have listened to you.
Double. Double. Double.
What???
They are? Have you ever eaten with one? Liebkind, go! Kill!
What are you doing? We're trapped. It's either the show or us. There's no way out. What can we do, blow up the theatre?
What is it?
Ahhhhhh. Leo, Leo, Leo.
He's a liar and a cheat and a scoundrel. He's taken money from little old ladies. He's talked people into doing things they never would have dreamed of. Especially me. But who has he really hurt?
"Of the silvery moon,
"I want to croon,
"To my honey I'll croon,
"Honeymoon,
"Keep a shining in...
Roger, do you mind if we talk a little business?
I think this would be a marvelous opportunity for you, Roger. Up to now, you've always been associated with musicals, and...
That's genius. That's genius. Roger, I think I speak for Mr. Bloom and myself when I say that you're the only man in the world who can do justice to SPRINGTIME FOR HITLER.
Congratulations.
Wait! This is Boomerang. This is Boomerang.
Let's hear him. What have we got to lose? What's your name?
A little bit.
What?
Mom, can't you tell him that I'm sick?
He'll pinch my cheek. I hate that.
get back, witch
You never had it so good.  95.
Don't say another word, Valerie.
Why'd you say that name  you promised me that you would never say that name
I'm not listening.
Nobody's hearing nothing!
The chocolate coating makes it go down easier. But you have to wait fifteen minutes for full potency. And you shouldn't go swimming after, for at least, what?
Yeah, an hour.
Byebye, boys.
Think it'll work?
Bye.
there's nothing to explain. You're trying to kidnap what I've rightfully stolen.  43.
There will be no arrangement   and you're killing her!
I'm afraid so  I can't compete with you physically. And you're no match for my brains.
Let me put it this way: have you ever heard of Plato, Aristotle, Socrates?
Morons.
For the Princess?
Good. Then pour the wine.
I smell nothing.
Hmm.
You've made your decision then7
Truly, you have a dizzying intellect.
Australia.
You're just stalling now.
You're trying to trick me into giving away something  it won't work
Then make your choice.
What's so funny?
You guessed wrong.
Making sure nobody's following us.
Stop doing that. We can all relax, it's almost over
As I told you, it would be absolutely, totally, and in all other ways, inconceivable. No one in Guilder knows what we've done. And no one in Florin could have gotten here so fast. Out of curiosity, why do you ask?
What?
I don't swim.  15.
Whoever he is, he's too late   see? The Cliffs of Insanity.  19.
Inconceivable!
You keep using that word  I do not think it means what you think it means. My God! He's climbing.
You know what a hurry we're in.
Oh, have it your way.
Look, I don't mean to be rude, but this is not as easy as it looks. So I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't distract me.
Thank you.
If you're in such a hurry, you could lower a rope, or a tree branch, or find something useful to do.  26.
That does put a damper on our relationship.
That's very comforting. But I'm afraid you'll just have to wait.
No good. I've known too many Spaniards.
Nothing comes to mind.
Again. Thank you.
My father was slaughtered by a sixfingered man. He was a great swordmaker, my father. And when the sixfingered man appeared and requested a special sword, my father took the job. He slaved a year before he was done.
I was eleven years old. When I was strong enough, I dedicated my life to the study of fencing. So the next time we meet, I will not fail. I will go up to the sixfingered man and say, "Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die."
More pursuit than study lately. You see, I cannot find him. It's been twenty years now. I am starting to lose confidence. I just work for Vizzini to pay the bills. There's not a lot of money in revenge.
You are ready, then?
You seem a decent fellow. I hate to kill you.
Begin!
Naturally, you must expect me to attack with Capo Ferro.
Thank you  I've worked hard to become so.
Then why are you smiling?
And what is that?
You're amazing!
There's something I ought to tell you.
I am not lefthanded either.
No one of consequence.
Get used to disappointment.
Kill me quickly.
What? What?
The King's stinking son fired me. And thank you so much for bringing up such a painful subject. While you're at it, why don't you give me a nice paper cut and pour lemon juice on it? We're closed!
He's already dead.
Sir. Sir.
We're really in a terrible rush.
Sixtyfive.
This is noble, sir. His wife is crippled. His children are on the brink of starvation.
I need him to help avenge my father, murdered these twenty years.
He's dead. He can't talk.
Now, mostly dead is slightly alive. Now, all dead...well, with all dead, there's usually only one thing that you can do.
True love. You heard him. You could not ask for a more noble cause than that.
Humiliations galore!
Thank you for everything.
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
No
yes
all that I have and more please
anything you want
Your guess is as good as mine
Who are you?  Are we enemies? Why am I on this wall?  Where's Buttercup?
Buttercup is marrying Humperdinck in a little less than half an hour, so all we have to do is get in, break up the wedding, steal the Princess, make our escape after I kill Count Rugen.
And it is guarded by sixty men.
Your brains, Fezzik's strength, my steel.
There we cannot help you.
True, but that's hardly common knowledge, is it? Thank you. Now, there may be problems once we're inside.
Now?
Now?
Where's Fezzik?
No.
You know, it's very strange  I have been in the revenge business so long, now that it's over, I don't know what to do with the rest of my life.
There was a mighty duel  it ranged all over. They were both masters.
The loser ran off alone. The winner followed those footprints toward Guilder!
The loser is nothing.  Only the Princess matters   clearly this was all planned by warriors of Guilder. We must be ready for whatever lies ahead.  42.
I always think everything could be a trap  Which is why I'm still alive.
I swear it will be done.
Of course.
Yes.
Your Princess is really a winning creature. A trifle simple, perhaps, but her appeal is undeniable.
Now, where is that secret knot? It's impossible to find. Are you coming down into the Pit? Westley's got his strength back. I am starting him on The Machine tonight.
You mean you wish to surrender to me? Very well, I accept.
Ah, but how will you capture us? We know the secrets of the Fire Swamp. We can live there quite happily for some time. So, whenever you feel like dying, feel free to visit.
It will not happen!
DEATH FIRST!!
No. To the pain.
I'll explain. And I'll use small words so that you'll be sure to understand, you warthogfaced buffoon.
and then my tongue, I suppose. I killed you too quickly the last time, a mistake I don't mean to duplicate tonight.
and then my ears, I understand. Let's get on with it
Yellin.
As Chief Enforcer of all Florin, I trust you with this secret: killers from Guilder are infiltrating the Thieves' Forest and plan to murder my bride on our wedding night.
She will not be murdered. On the day of the wedding, I want the Thieves' Forest emptied and every inhabitant arrested.
Form a Brute Squad then. I want the Thieves' Forest emptied before I wed.
Try ruling the world sometime.
The Thieves' Forest is emptied. Thirty men guard the castle gate.
The gate has but one key, and I carry that.
What is it?
A book?
Has it got any sports in it?
Oh. Well, thank you very much. It's very nice of you. Your vote of confidence is overwhelming. All right. The Princess Bride, by S. Morgenstern. Chapter One. Buttercup was raised on a small farm in the country of Florin.
Yeah. It's really good.
hold it, hold it
wait, just wait
Keep your shirt on. Let me read. Westley had no money for marriage. So he packed his few belongings and left the farm to seek his fortune across the sea.
I don't beleeve this.
murdered by pirates is good
The Eel doesn't get her. I'm explaining to you because you looked nervous.
Well, maybe I was a little bit concerned. But that's not the same thing.
No. You could read a little bit more ... if you want.  17.
What is it? What's the matter?  56.
Someday, you may not mind so much.
Oh. You're sick, I'll humor you. So now, where were we here? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Ah. Oh. Okay. Westley and Buttercup raced along the ravine floor.
Well, who says life is fair? Where is that written? Life isn't always fair.
Do you want me to go on with this?
All right, then. No more interruptions. ... at noon, she met her subjects again. This time as their Queen.
See? Didn't I tell you she'd never marry that rotten Humperdinck?
Westley's only faking, right?
Who gets Humperdinck?
Who kills Prince Humperdinck? At the end, somebody's got to do it. Is it Inigo? Who?
No! I'm okay. I'm okay.  sit down. All right?
What? What?
I don't mind so much.
Okay.
Maybe you could come over and read it again to me tomorrow.
Probably he means no harm.
Oh, you've a great gift for rhyme.
FEZZIK, are there rocks ahead?
Hello.
True!
Perhaps not. I feel fine.
He's with the Prince in the Castle. But the castle gate is guarded by thirty men.
I don't think more than ten.
No  not Vizzini  I need the Man in Black
look, he bested you with strength, your greatness. He bested me with steel. He must have outthought Vizzini, and a man who can do that can plan my castle's onslaught any day. Let's go
To find the Man in Black, obviously.
Don't bother me with trifles; after twenty years, at last, my father's soul will be at peace.
His true love is marrying another tonight, so who else has cause for Ultimate Suffering? Excuse me
Everybody ... MOVE!!
The body?
I have a little.
Inigo  there's more than thirty
Has it been fifteen minutes?
Tilt his head back. Open his mouth.
You've been mostly dead all day.
Where did we put that wheelbarrow the Albino had?
Will this do?
At Miracle Max's. It fit so nice, he said I could keep it.
Right, right, sorry.
What?
He's getting away from me, Fezzik. Please. FEZZIK!
It's fabric from the uniform of an Army officer of Guilder.
The country across the sea. The sworn enemy of Florin. Go!
You never said anything about killing anyone.
I just don't think it's right, killing an innocent girl.
No more rhymes now, I mean it.
I only dog paddle.
Faster!
You were supposed to be this colossus. You were this great, legendary thing. And yet he gains.
I do not accept excuses. I'm just going to have to find myself a new giant, that's all.
You be careful.  people in masks cannot be trusted.
Give her to me. Catch up with us quickly.
Finish him, finish him. Your way.
I did that on purpose. I don't have to miss.
We face each other as God intended. Sportsmanlike. No tricks, no weapons, skill against skill alone.
I could kill you now.
It's not my fault being the biggest and the strongest. I don't even exercise.  38.
I just want you to feel you're doing well. I hate for people to die embarrassed.
And a good thing too.
Why is that, do you think?
Why should that make such a difference?
Farm boy. Polish my horse's saddle. I want to see my face shining in it by morning.
Farm Boy. Fill these with water  please.
I fear I'll never see you again.
But what if something happens to you?
But how can you be sure?
Can you move at all?
I told you, "I would always come for you." Why didn't you wait for me?
Death cannot stop true love. All it can do is delay it for a while.
There will never be a need.
Nonsense  you're only saying that because no one ever has.  57.
You?  58.
But how is that possible, since he's been marauding twenty years and you only left me five years ago?
Finally, Roberts decided something. He said, "All right, Westley, I've never had a valet. You can try it for tonight. I'll most likely kill you in the morning." Three years he said that. "Good night, Westley. Good work. Sleep well. I'll most likely kill you in the morning." It was a fine time for me. I was learning to fence, to fight, anything anyone would teach me. And Roberts and I eventually became friends. And then it happened.
We'll never succeed  we may as well die here.
I mean, what are the three terrors of the Fire Swamp? One, the flame spurts. No problem. There's a popping sound preceding each, we can avoid that. Two, the Lightning Sand. But you were clever enough to discover what that looks like, so in the future we can avoid that too.
Rodents of Unusual Size? I don't think they exist...
Now, was that so terrible?  64.
Gently.
Gently!!
What hideous sin have you committed lately?
It never happened.
It never happened.  117.
Did you say, "I do"?
Then you're not married  if you didn't say it, you didn't do it  wouldn't you agree, Your Highness?
I am no one to be trifled with, that is all you ever need know.
They were both poisoned. I spent the last few years building up an immunity to iocane powder.
If you'll release me ... whatever you ask for ransom ... you'll get it, I promise you...
I was giving you a chance. No matter where you take me ... there's no greater hunter than Prince Humperdinck. He could track a falcon on a cloudy day. He can find you
I never said he was my dearest love. And yes, he will save me. That I know.
He knows I do not love him.
I have loved more deeply than a killer like yourself could ever dream.
I know who you are  your cruelty reveals everything.
With pride. What can I do for you?
Hardly complimentary, Your Highness. Why loose your venom on me?
I can't afford to make exceptions. Once word leaks out that a pirate has gone soft, people begin to disobey you, and then it's nothing but work, work, work, all the time.
Life is pain, Highness. Anyone who says differently is selling something. I remember this farm boy of yours, I think. This would be, what, five years ago?
Nothing you can say will upset me.
I asked him what was so important for him. "True love," he replied. And then he spoke of a girl of surpassing beauty and faithfulness. I can only assume he meant you. You should bless me for destroying him before he found out what you really are.
Faithfulness he talked of, madam. Your enduring faithfulness. Now, tell me truly. When you found out he was gone, did you get engaged to your prince that same hour, or did you wait a whole week out of respect for the dead?
... as ... you ... wish...
If we surrender, and I return with you, will you promise not to hurt this man?
He is a sailor on the pirate ship "Revenge." Promise to return him to his ship.
My Westley will always come for me.
He will come for me.
Ah! My dulcet darling. Tonight we marry. Tomorrow morning, your men will escort us to Florin Channel where every ship in my armada waits to accompany us on our honeymoon.
Every ship but the four you sent.
You never sent the ships. Don't bother lying. It doesn't matter. Westley will come for me anyway.
Yes, I am a silly girl, for not having seen sooner that you were nothing but a coward with a heart full of fear.
Why not? You can't hurt me. Westley and I are joined by the bonds of love. And you cannot track that. Not with a thousand bloodhounds. And you cannot break it. Not with a thousand swords. And when I say you are a coward, that is only because you are the slimiest weakling ever to crawl the earth.
Should I be?
I do not marry tonight.
Then why is there fear behind your eyes?
Then I'm here till I die?
Then why bother curing me?
So it's to be torture.
You survived the Fire Swamp. You must be very brave... ... but nobody withstands The Machine.  69.
Yeah. Thanks.
What?
Yeah. Sure. Why not. Call me at the Regent Beverly Wilshire.
Do you want to know what he did? Do you want to know what the crazy son of a bitch did? He handed the whole thing back to Kross! On a silver platter. For no reason! What was he thinking, I mean, what was going through his goddam head? Why? What was all that benevolent crap? What are we going to become, a philanthropic foundation? I'll probably be the director of several worthwhile charities.
I bet. A lousy whore and you're the gum in a hundred million dollar deal.
Get out!
May I help you?
Are you looking for something in particular?
Yes...
I don't think it would fit you.
It's very expensive.
Excuse me?
I don't think we have anything for you here. You're obviously in the wrong place.
'Scume me.
Do you remember me?
I was in here yesterday.
You're a guest here?
And who is that?
What's your name?
Miss Vivian... things that go on in other hotels don't happen at the Regent Beverly Wilshire.
Of course. Naturally when Mr. Harris leaves, I won't see you in this hotel again.
I rather hoped you'd be wearing it.
That's all right. I'm sure they're quite lovely.
What is it, Miss Vivian?
It's a bit beyond my... range, shall we say.
I think you'll find it normal enough.
You'll like it fine.
In fifteen minutes I can teach you everything you need to know to dine with the Queen. First, as you pick up the knife you shift your fork to the left hand.
Either you're European or badly brought up.
Actually, some of the richest people I know have the worst manners. Of course, Mr. Harris, being of old money, knows his way around a table. All right now, pay attention please. Salad fork.
They will serve salad.
Then you use your <u>soup spoon</u>.
Then you would use your
Miss Vivian
Miss Vivian... there's a salon here in the hotel. Instead of worrying unnecessarily about table manners, why don't you just have your hair done instead?
Barnard Thomas here. Miss Vivian, I wonder if you might come down to the front desk. There's someone here to see you.
I'd send them up, but sadly, I don't trust the young lady to find you on her own.
Miss Vivian.
Mr. Harris doesn't check out until tomorrow.
You're not accompanying him to New York?
Certain ladies make that very easy... Vivian. John, call a limousine for our guest, please. Have it take her anywhere she wishes to go. Bill the hotel. See you again sometime soon.
What?
Okay.
I also place las chocolates on the pillow.
I leave extras, miss.
Yeah, what?
Don't give me that. Kit gave it to you yesterday, cash.
You bullshittin' me?
You spent it on drugs, didn't you?
Carlos had some great rock.
We worked for that money. We were gonna put together enough to get out of that dump we live in, get off this street.
I just saw somebody pulled out of a dumpster. I wonder how much she made tonight?
I thought you were giving up that drug shit.
No, let's go to work. Okay?
Looks slow tonight.
Forget it. We work for it. We keep it.
That crack is burning a hole in your pocket. There isn't even milk in the fridge. The rent's due. Now come on
He's not gonna want us.
Kit! Where've you been?
Kit, listen, the guy last night, the one in the Ferrari, I'm at this hotel, the Regent Beverly Wilshire, it's this absolutely unbelievable place and he's hired me for a whole week and Kit, listen, he's paying me three thousand bucks! We can get out of the apartment. We can get out of this town. We can do anything! Kit? Hey, you there?
He... he just does.
Three hundred for last night and he gave me extra to buy some clothes. Now listen, I'm gonna leave an envelope for you at the front desk. Give me two hundred to the scum bucket and the other hundred to that asshole landlord for part of the rent. Spend it on drugs and I'll pull your hair out.
Hey Kit, where do I go for the clothes? Good stuff on <u>him</u>.
Yeah.
Yes, I'm glad you're clean but I've been calling and calling.
Who did you think?
Kit, I left that money for you days ago.
Kit...
Yeah... I know what you mean.
You think I fit here where they just about chew your food for you?
I kissed him, Kit. On the mouth.
I know. I stopped pretending and started liking it with him for real.
It was great.
He wants to set me up in a place, give me some money.
All I'm doing is feeling lousy about it. I don't know what to do. What do I do, Kit?
I don't care about bucks. I might love this guy.
So whatta' you going to do in San Francisco?
What kind of school?
So did I. I made it with the principal. Study hard And get a "B." Lift your dress and an "A" you'll see.
Do I!? Momma!
And leave all this? Not in a million.
Yeah. Well... I gotta split. Goodbye's make me crazy.
No. You took care of rent, that's enough.
I'm gonna pay you back next time I see ya, babe. Just wait, I'm gonna do something real nice for you some day.
Give me your car keys, will you, I'm going back to my hotel.
Apologize to Elizabeth for me.
Really? Some high class gold digger who speaks French better than I do? No, thank you. I just got off the phone with one.
No.
Yes! And you don't even know where you're going!
Edward, if the three of us sit down together we might as well announce our plans in the Wall Street Journal.
You shouldn't go alone. He might claim that you tried to black mail him.
Oh, god, what?
Edward, did you hear me?
I know a lot of nice girls.
We don't have the time to bring someone new up to speed. Besides... You've already impressed everyone you need to, haven't you?
Eight o'clock. Kross is bringing his son. Very bright kid, watch yourself with him. Who's this girl you're taking?
Goddamit! Where is he getting the money to fight?
Our contract guys are working on the Kross pension funds. There's another forty million there. We can bleed'm dry.
We're letting them slide?
But, Edward...
Excuse me for saying this but what is wrong with you this week? First, you go soft on the pension funds. Now, you're giving him the chance to get away? As of two minutes ago, you are committed to the tune of over fifty million dollars
And some of it's mine. Edward, his jugular's exposed.
Bill Stuckey, Vivian. My wife, Elizabeth.
We just did.
The night I left your house, I was lost. I was looking for directions.
Yes...
Vivian's in sales.
Why do you want to know?
She met him at dinner last night... I like this tie.
You're being ridiculous.
Christ, Bill, she's not a spy, she's a hooker. I picked her up off Hollywood Boulevard.
Bill? Stop panicking. Kross isn't going anywhere and I don't need to spend the rest of the day watching his stock go down. I'll be in the office tomorrow.
Goodbye, Bill.
I'm up.
Why?
Give me twenty minutes.
I don't think there's any sense in
Oh, my god... Edward, no!
Have you lost your mind?
Have a good day, gentlemen.
I think I broke my hand. You're fired.
And I don't like what we've become. I'll cover any losses you have on this one. Now get out, you asshole!
Yes.
Of course, yes. If you'll excuse me just a moment
My what?
Mr. Harris, a guest of yours, is a guest of ours and shall be treated accordingly. The young lady asked me to tell you that she is waiting for you in the lounge.
Good afternoon, Mr. Harris.
Hey Sugar, you lookin' for a date?
You looking' for some company?
What? You gonna tell me you're lost?
Great. What do I look like a tourguide?
Actually, I'm a movie star out for a walk.
Sure. For five bucks.
The price just went up to ten.
Sit... and spin.
Nice car. Yours?
Stolen?
Mind if I turn on some heat?
Very good. You're obviously mechanical.
New York.
<u>Ho</u>tel.
Regent Beverly Wilshire. I bet you know it.
What's your name?
You like being a hooker, Vivian?
So do day jobs.
Must be dangerous. Hooking.
Very good. You ought to have that printed up on your business card.
Sorry. If I did, I didn't mean to.
You don't know habits, you think this is ugly.
Company would cost you... a hundred dollars.
For an hour.
I never joke about money.
No, but it's getting there.
You couldn't afford it.
Fine.
Edward. My name is Edward.
Get in. This side.
You know how to drive a stick?
Then let's go. It's worth 300 just so I don't have to drive.
Why?
You mean they don't have hookers.
Off the boulevard.
Room service. What do you drink?
Send up a bottle of Crystal champagne.
and a bowl of strawberries. Thank you.
Do you plan everything?
Well, the meter's running, it's your money. Speaking of which, cash'll do. In advance.
Let's talk some more first.
Uhhuh.
And why do you say that?
Sounds like you've known a lot of lawyers.
I think he wanted you to tip him.
Where are they? Shopping together?
It's a very good year.
Try a strawberry.
Because they bring out the flavor of the champagne.
Vivian... the meter's running... cooperate.
Just a romantic, that's you.
What do you like?
Good morning.
No hurry. Would you like some breakfast?
Yeah. Too good. I forgot where I was.
Where'd you go?
Oooh, Baby, you were the best. I was beside myself.
I just hope it was worth three hundred bucks.
Do you ever... enjoy it?
No? Why's that?
I buy companies.
The one I'm buying this week will cost around 150 million.
So what a ya do with the companies once you buy'm?
What? Why?
What are assets?
C'mon, I might buy a company some day.
Sorta like stealing cars and selling'm for parts, huh?
There, see? Now the emblem is right in the middle of the knot.
I fucked the debate team in high school. Tsk. I had a grampa. He liked ties on Sundays. You mind if I take a swim in your bathtub before I hit it?
All right. How much for the week?
I'm in town until Saturday.
Of course. How much?
Four thousand.
But you want days too.
Three.
Holy shit.
Look butthead, I'll treat you so nice you'll never want to let me go, okay?
Never answer the phone. Ever.
Did you buy some clothes?
Just one? Christ... I hope it's appropriate.
Let's hope so. You'll get some more clothes tomorrow. I'll be pushed for time so meet me in the hotel lobby at seven fortyfive sharp. Got it?
This isn't a date.
The Rex.
I think you'll approve.
Thank you <u>very much</u>.
I thought I told you not to answer the phone.
I'm sorry.
And that's the way the game is played.
You're upset, huh?
You liked the guy, though.
We're the exactly the same! Kit keeps telling me don't get emotional when you turn tricks  that's why no kissing  it's too personal. The key is like you're saying, stay numb, don't get involved  when I'm with a guy, I'm a robot, I just do it. Except with you. At your price I give my all...
Television?
I have work to do.
I still don't understand why you only bought one dress.
Why not?
Was someone rude to you?
Vivian, you belong wherever you are. I don't care how you were dressed, they were the ones who were wrong, not you.
Good.
I thought maybe you'd like dinner.
Wait till you see what I have on underneath.
What about dinner?
You always been rich?
Seems like it. I guess it's easy to get used to, huh?
Keep talkin'. I like hearin'.
You still mad at'm?
You're really pushing it, bringing me here.
What id we run into someone I know?
You did.
He's good at what he does.
Shall we mingle?
I'm sure that's true for some of them.
Ready to stomp sod?
Vivian, what the
I don't know what you're talking about.
Would you please calm down. Tell me what happened.
What was I supposed to do? I told the truth. Why should the truth upset you? It's not as if you're from a convent.
Can we talk about this? Can you just try to calm down?
Well, it's true. Just pay me what you owe me and I'm gone.
Pay me! Before I pick up this chair and smash your face in.
Fuck off.
Vivian... I'm sorry. I wasn't prepared for questions about us. It was an idiotic and insensitive thing I did. I should have known that it would hurt you.
I really am sorry.
Hmm... let's see... no, there's something missing.
I don't want you to get too excited... these are on loan... however...
Shush. Of course you can.
You won't.
I'll guard them and you with my life.
Where are you taking me!?
Huh?
I've never been on a plane before.
Sorry. You're not paying me to ask you question like that.
You mean, besides Elvis? I'm a human being. Sure. Once. First time I ever ran away from home, I got as far as Atlanta. I met this boy. He'd been with his parents on their way to Chicago. They stopped at a gas station. He went to the john. When he came back they'd split. We sorta started looking out for each other. Aw, he was sweet. And boy, was he good looking, y'know, dark hair and eyes. The chicken hawks were on him all the time. He hated that. Sometimes we'd find a safe place to crash nights and we'd curl up together and we'd talk about all these crazy things. The two of us getting married someday. Having kids. Stupid stuff.
If it's in Italian, how will I know what they're saying?
But don't they have it in English?
If you'd gone on about how much you liked it, I'm not sure I'd have believed you.
I know. I'm glad.
Yes. I've never enjoyed it more. Thank you.
Yeah, you've been pretty tough to take.
What else? You gonna leave some cash by the bed when you pass through town?
I'm sorry. That's very sweet, Edward, and I know you mean it...
When I was a little girl, my mother locked me in the attic when I was bad, which was pretty often. I'd stare out the window up there and make believe I was a princess trapped in the tower by the wicked queen. Then suddenly a knight on a white horse with his bright colors flying would ride up. Rescue me from the tower, and then we'd ride off... but never, ever in all the times I had that dream did the knight say, "Come on baby, I'll put you up in a great condo."
I know. Hey, don't mind me. I'm being stupid. I'll think about it, okay? It's a real good offer for a whore.
You just did.
What do you mean?
Vivian, I want you to listen to me. The man realized that it would be better for his future and his son's future, if he cooperated.
It's not your concern. It's... business, that's all.
Yes. The man made a business decision.
It's what I do for a living. It's how I make money.
Not all men hit. And no one is going to hit you anymore.
It was a business decision.
It was good.
You're packing.
Aw, don't... no...
I do. I do want to. That's why I'm leaving. That's what you given me, see? I know what I want now. I want a guy like you for real. Not because you buy me things and give me money. The nicest thing you ever done for me is hold my hand. You gonna give me that?
Vivian...
What would it take to buy our stock back? Name your price.
Mr. Kross, I'm not here to sell you my stock. On the contrary, I'm here to buy yours.
No. What I have is a lot of money.
What I did with those companies was perfectly legal.
It is <u>not</u> your company. It's a public company. And I <u>am</u> going to acquire it. Either I buy from the other stock holders, or I buy from you.
How are you, Mr. Kross.
Yes. I'm here to tell you that I've reconsidered my position on your acquisition offer.
Of course, yes. After the <u>expected</u> filing period is over, I'm going to recommend to the board that we accept your bid.
Stop. For just a moment. Mr. Kross, I'd like to ask you a few questions <u>before</u> you sign. You realize that you're a target. If you weren't mine, you'd be someone elses, correct?
If you had a... reprieve, what would do?
How?
I suppose you'd find out soon enough that you have assets you presently don't seem aware of, wouldn't you? The waste processing licenses at that abandoned shipyard of yours, you'd certainly find out about that.
This time I imagine you would, yes. Hmm... With all this in mind, Mr. Kross, I can't logically make a formal bid on your company, can I?
You're very right. I think the best thing we could all do is go home.
Storage, I think.
The real estate possibilities are endless. Most of the yard we'll just level. I talked to a couple of developers, under the table, of course, and they said
I talked to some developers about the land.
What?
Who are you going after next, sir?
I like your hat.
Let's not talk about it, it's too depressing. Come on, I'll show you Thunder.
Thunder's a horse. Come on.
No.
It's... it's not like that.
You don't know anything about me.
Mr. Harris, we know you've purchased at least twenty percent of our stock. We also know you plan to file a formal bid for a majority share.
We're on the verge of closing a large navy contract. Double is ridiculous but we can assure you a healthy profit on your shares. We would give you a promissory note...
There's no way you could know that.
We can reach an understanding on this.
Do what you have to do. I don't take it personally.
Georgia.
Well... I might be going out to dinner.
I dunno. Do thigh high, leather boots go with a cocktail dress?
Your uncle will like this.
They never are, dear.
There's something else, Major...
I don't think that was any ordinary army taxi...
Same business, guerrillas hauling two guys from the chopper... followed by men with American equipment...
Hawkins?
What in God's name...?
Where the hell is his body?
How could anyone get through this, carry Blain out, right under our noses without leavin' a trace?
Why didn't he try to kill one of us last night?
It's been a long time, General.
That's the problem. Apparently they strayed off course. We're certain they've been captured by the guerrillas.
We figure we've got less than twentyfour hours to catch up with them. After that, there's not much hope. We want a rescue operation mounted tonight. That doesn't give you much time.
What's that, General?
Any sign of the hostages?
What's got Billy so spooked?
You saw what?
Put him in his poncho and liner and carry him back. We'll bury him in the morning.
We've got most of the flares, frags. and two claymores just outside. Nothin's comin' close to here without trippin' on somethin'.
I'm sorry, Bull. It's never easy. He was a good soldier.
Thanks.
Don't know, only saw one of 'em. Camouflaged. He was there... ... Those fucking eyes...
Those eyes... disappeared. But I know one thing, Major... ... I drew down and fired right at it. Cappedoff two hundred rounds and then the Minigun; the full pack. Nothin'... nothin' on this earth could have lived... not at that range.
... Right, I got a score to settle for the Bro...
You've been pushing too many Pencils, Dillon. Had enough?
You never did know when to quit.
Like the old days, Dillon.
Wasn't my style. We're a rescue unit, not assassins. This must be good. Big shot from the CIA, leaves his desk to come back to the bush. What's so important?
Go on.
Who's our backup on this?
This gets better by the minute.
You never were all that smart... let's go!!!
They're getting better equipped every day.
Probably another rebel patrol. They operate in here all the time.
Jesus... this is inhuman. Uh... I wasn't told of any operations in this area. They shouldn't have been here.
It was all bullshit. All of it. From the start... you set us up, got us in here to do your dirty work.
Why us?
What story did you give to Davis?
She's too valuable. She's got to know their whole network. The whole set up. We take her with us.
Blain... ... Just like the others... no powder burns, no shrapnel.
We're still too far in, they won't risk coming in for us.
I can accept that, it comes with the job.
You're wastin' your time.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
What are you talking about? We'll be out of here in ten minutes.
That rendezvous is ten maybe twelve miles, at most! We're almost home. But the chopper won't wait.
Now what, Dutch. You going to send your mystery guest an invitation?
This isn't your style, Dillon.
You know you can't win this one.
Right behind you.
What do you mean?
Strange, Major. There was a firefight. Shooting in all directions.
I don't believe he did, Sir. I couldn't find a single track. Just doesn't make sense.
Billy... What the hell's wrong with you?
Well, I saw you and
Hey! Uh, how do I get back in?
My name's Johnny Utah!
I'm telling you so when you look back on this moment, you can think... there was this guy named Utah and he was pretty much a dork but maybe not such a bad person and I let him drown in conditions he had no business being in whatsoever... when I could have easily helped him.
Wait! Jesus Christ! You're fucking crazy, you know that? You go in there you're gonna eat it on the rocks. Here, follow me.
Shrimp and fries.
I need you to teach me.
I'm serious.
Well, I'm just gonna go back out there till I catch on to it or break my neck.
No, no. See, all my life I've done things for other people. In high school I played football because my old man expected me to. Then my parents always figured I'd go to law school, so I did. Football scholarship. Graduated Phi Beta Kappa
Wait, so I'm a big hero to my folks, right? But two years ago they got killed in a car wreck and I just suddenly realized all my goals had been their goals. And I hadn't been living my own life. So I wanted something for myself. Something that maybe didn't make any sense. You know what I mean?
Tomorrow, 6 AM. Here. If you're a minute late I'm gone. And Stud... I didn't take you to raise. I can show you a few things but after that you're on your own. That'll be four fifty.
Sure.
He rents it for the summer. Bodhi always gets some slick place and throws it open to every surf burnout around. Most a these guys can't keep a job. When the swell comes, they're gone, they have to ride.
Catch of the day.
People are expendable to Bodhi.
We went out for about five minutes... which is four minutes longer than most of them. But you can't hold it against him, he's... different.
Yeah, he thinks he's evolved to a higher plane of existence, or something. Maybe he has. You've seen him surf... that frenzy. It seems like anger. It's not. It's the energy of lovemaking. The sea is the woman in his life. She's his only true lover.
What are you talking about?
What's goin' on?
I can barely do this in broad daylight.
You had enough?
Look at you.
Well, usually you have this sort of intense scowl of concentration, like you're doing this for a school project or something... I don't know, like something's driving you. See, it's gone. If I didn't know better I'd say you looked almost happy.
You don't have to.
Warm them up.
Johnny... what's going on? I don't get it... did I do something?
Ouch.
You're kneeling on my hand.
Never saw him, was your basic hit and run.
Jesus Christ, Johnny  you've been using me! Your jacket's on the floor in the bathroom  this goddamn thing's half out of the pocket... Oh God, it's all part of some case, isn't it?
You tell me the fucking truth Johnny... did your parents really die in a car crash? DID THEY?!
Fuck you, Johnny Utah. Fuck you!! Don't you have a soul? Goddamn you to hell!
The shit they pull, huh?
Punk. Quarterback Punk.
Good move.
They don't go for the vault?
Smart. You burn time in the vault.
Surgical. Look at them separate the dye packs. Dick and Ronny know their jobs.
You through, Mr. Wizard? Let me know if you find Jimmy Hoffa under the seat while you're at it. Hell, it's only 7:30. The night's still young... you can solve this case and start on another one.
Forget about it, kid. They're ghosts. Let the goddamn yuppie Mormon affirmative action assholes handle it. See I'm almost 55... so I must be senile, right? They better get me out before I start pissing myself in public. Drooling. It would look bad for the Bureau, right?
You watch your fucking mouth! Mr. Hoover himself pinned the Seal of Honor right here!
Yeah. That was thirty years ago anyway. L.A.'s changed a lot since then. The air got dirty and the sex got clean. So you want to nail the Ex Presidents? Be a big hero?
The fucking punks are surfers.
Shutup, you might learn somethin' you're not careful... So last year Nixon scuffs a counter going over. There was a soil sample. Non specific mud traces of asphalt, oils, blah, blah... sand and... carnuba wax. So I became a wax expert. There's 80 some uses for this stuff, something like five hundred products.
The lab made three possible matches, this was one of 'em.
Surfers use it on their boards. They rub sand into it for traction.
... Four months. June to October. Mmmm...same the year before.
Johnny, it's the only way.
They're like some kind of tribe. Got their own language. You can't just walk up to these guys. You've got to get out there. Learn some moves. Get into their head. Pick up the speech.
It's all balance, right? And coordination. How hard can it be?
Got it...
It sticks out, so I can't lock it. Look, Angelo, you think I joined the FBI to learn to surf? This was your lameo idea in the first place. You gotta back me up on this.
Angelo, pay attention. There's gonna be a test afterward. Lab is showing traces of toxins. PCBs. Heavy elements... selenium, titanium and arsenic.
The beaches are always being closed because of waste spills, right? And surfers are territorial. They stick mostly to certain breaks. If we can get some hair samples, and get a match to a certain beach, we'd know which break the ExPresidents surf. You buyin' this?
Big zippo so far. How about you?
No, but there are four guys back there you might check out.
Look, if you're gonna go leavin' your piece and your shield in the car, you can damn well stay in sight. Okay?
... Felony B and E, three months in juvey. Better. Felony assault. Postgraduate work at Chino. Excellent. I'm lovin' it. What about the brother? Great! Another model citizen. These guys really fit the profile.
When did Harp say they'd have the warrant?
Did that worthless punk partner of mine ever show up?
I'm ready to rock, Angelo. Where you want me?
Got it.
Aw shit.
Johnny! Uh, you, uh... should call first, you know? Hey, where the hell were you all day? You gotta at least call in or something. You okay?
... so I started tailing him.
Bodhi, yeah. I'm on him all day, right. He goes here, he goes there, he goes to Tower Records and buys come CDs, he has lunch at Patrick's Road House... ... he goes into the Assured Trust Savings and Loan.
Cute. He was inside for about 20 minutes. The other guy, Roach, waited in the truck. They were scoping it out, right?!
Wait, wait. Then these guys go back to their beach house and box up all their shit. Load it in Bodhi's truck and take it to a public storage unit. You see? Summer's almost over. They're splitting. They're gonna pick up a little traveling money tomorrow. The next day at the outside latest. I got a feeling.
Angelo... I'm right this time. We can still win this one.
No way. Not yet. Come on.
Sure. No problem. I'll just call up and tell him his favorite agent saw this one surfer moon another surfer yesterday and it looked real suspicious. Shit, he'll probably call out the National Guard.
Look, we handle it ourselves, for right now, okay? We cover the bank, whatever. You and me. That way if nothing happens, or more accurately, when nothing happens... I don't get my tits any further into the wringer than they already are.
Angelo, it's eleven thirty.
The hell are they?!
You sure?!
Nothing.
Figured you did.
Kid, get outta the way!!
They found the drop car up on Mulholland. I want you two to go work it.
Cole and Munoz. I'm uh... letting them run with the ball for a while.
That's the point, isn't it?
Supervising Special Agent, Harp. Now I want you to go work the drop car, okay, Angelo? Okay?
Yeah, sure. Why not? You two screwups deserve each other. That's why I put you together in the first place. Christ Pappas, you're as bad as he is... talk about the blind leading the blind
What that?
Yes, sir.
Sir?
I take the skin off chicken.
1322 last year in LA county. Up 26 percent from the year before.
Zero distortion, sir.
Not so far.
Fine.
A little mushy.
Babes.
The correct term is babes, sir. Uh, this type of undercover operation is entirely dependent on picking up the idiom of the speech. Otherwise penetration is not possible, sir. Of the social infrastructure, I mean.
Caught my first tube this morning.
Take your hand off my shoulder right now.
Have you seen a little dog? Kind of a cockapoo lookin' thing. About this big.
You sure he isn't out back? You mind if I go take a look?
Well is there anyone else here that might have seen him?
Something happened. You got nuked in the last quarter.
And that's why you never went pro?
Mmm. A lawyer, huh? Too bad. But at least you're surfing now. So your life's not over yet, right?
Friends of yours, huh?
What's their program?
You always talk like this? You're not gonna start chanting or anything are you?
Thanks for stepping in.
Gonna be some people at my house tonight. Maybe you can make it.
Come with Tyler. She knows.
Only make bets I can't afford to lose. Only way to be 100% committed.
No, Bells Beach, Australia.
Yeah, but are you crazy enough?
I know that part. Tell me something I can use, here.
A flaw I'm working on.
Yeah, right, vision is highly over rated.
News, last night... those guys, the ExPresidents... they robbed my bank yesterday. And I was just there the day before, cashing a check. See... look. Assured Trust... same place.
'One shot stopping'... good, very good. I like you, Johnny. I like you because you'll sacrifice anything to win. I respect that. It elevates you a little above the drones who have learned compromise. Here, hold it. Check out the weight.
Once.
Sure, it's a blast, but listen, I sorta screwed up my knee yesterday
It's a little ceremony we always have at the end of summer. One last speedstar.
I did. What's the matter? Don't trust me?
Then we'll earn it together. Here, take mine.
My man!
Whoooaaah! Shhiiittt! Whoooaaah!
You gonna pull?
Don't screw around man, pull it!
One thousand feet. Pull the goddamn cord!
Okay!
Insurance policy. Now this is going to sting a bit, but it's for your own growth, brah. Press play.
Whoa, whoa!! Think it through! I'm the only one knows where they are. Just let me talk for a second.
She'll be fine, Rosie won't do anything. At least not as long as I meet him at a certain place and time, about... let's see... ... six hours from now.
Sorry, can't do it, brah. He's on the road. And where they're going there's no phones. Damn, I hate this Johnny, I really do. I hate violence. See, that's why I need Rosie. I could never make this thing work, myself. No way I could hold a knife to Tyler's throat, man! She was my woman, once. We shared time in this world. But Rosie, he's kind of a... mechanism. Once you set him in motion, he won't stop. That's his gift, a kind of... blankness. Noon comes, straight up, he'll gut her like a pig and try not to get any on his shoes. Nothing I can do, unless I get there.
See! That's what I like about you, man! You're just sharp as a razor blade.
Sure you can! You may even like it... it's a killer rush. You'll see. Hey, don't I show you things, Johnny U?
Wild, ain't it?! See, we exist on a higher plane, you and I. We make our own rules. Why be a servant of the law Johnny U... when you can be it's master?
But you're not alone.
Where's Roach?
You gotta tell me where she is.
Look, Bodhi man. People are dead. The ride is over.
The guy you killed was an off duty cop! If you get out of here they'll nail you wherever you land. They have a new thing called radar. Maybe you've heard of it.
What if your chute fails, Bodhi? Rescind the order. Let her off the hook, she's served her purpose. Do it, man, you owe me that much. Let me hear it before you check out.
No games, Bodhi. Pull the cord! Now!!
Go on, Johnny. Pull it. But you gotta drop the gun, first! Right?! You use your other hand what you gonna hold on with?
Well that's the only way it's gonna happen, man. Do it! Come on, you want to do it. You're gonna die, Johnny. Five more seconds. Four...
SHIT!!
Jesus Christ, Bodhi!
I'm not FBI anymore.
I asked them to give me a couple minutes...
I won't. Goodnight.
Ah, Susy, it...
Don't you want to walk, Tom?
Actually, I've been once today already. I'll stay here with him.
Darling Susan.
And you're so beautiful. What are you doing here?
In that case, you should meet my very dear friend, James Penfield. Brilliant analyst of recent history and a world authority on the Berlin Airlift.
We might be able to dig out a couple of Suez survivors for you.
Oh no!
Don't point it at James!
What have you got there?
Oh, yes! Where's mine? I want to look like you.
Promise?
It was incredible. He came back, made a pompous little bow and said, 'My dear girl you may film me all afternoon if you wish.' And he's promised not to talk to the Press.
It's true! I was here last year doing a piece, remember? I was in the bar with all these Northern trade unionists and their sponsored MPs. They were all incredibly fat and beery, huge trousers and braces. And so sweet. They all stood round me like children saying 'You! Working for television? You're just a young thing.' They wouldn't let me buy drinks even when I told them the programme was paying. They kept looking at my pass which was pinned here and saying 'Oo, can I?'
No, he wasn't. He just lowered himself into a bar stool and said... 'Oo I do feel bad. I 'ad three pints of lager and six onion bajees!'
No.
I'll tell you another thing. We might have led the world once into the Industrial Revolution, now we lead with television commercials. We're the best, it's as simple as that. Even the Americans will admit it now ... the camera work, the acting, the scripts, special effects. We've got the lot. Nearly all the good directors here have ambitions to make serious films. That food you're eating.
What would you call it?
Ploughman's Lunch. Traditional English fare.
In fact it's the invention of an advertising campaign they ran in the early sixties to encourage people to eat in pubs. A completely successful fabrication of the past, the Ploughman's Lunch was.
She said that?
Now listen...
Hello, Jimmy.
Come into the kitchen. I'm just making your mother's tea.
Well, she doesn't complain much. You know what she's like. She keeps asking when you're coming...
Oh she knows you're very busy, especially now, with everything going on...the doctor said to try her on solids, but she's been right off her food...You take this up to her. Tell her you made it. She'll like that.
That's good.
Yes, you said.
No, thanks Dad.
I've got to be going. I've got a meeting tonight.
I'll ring you in the next couple of days.
Take a look at these.
Fifteen news items. I got exactly the same running order as the bulletin desk. They're all old pros.
It's that lady from Norfolk again.
I'm terribly sorry. He doesn't seem to be here ... No ... Yes, if I see him, I will. .. Goodbye. She's going to phone back.
Hello.
I'm waiting for your mother.
Thanks.
Okay, I will.
Oh, I see.
Not at all. History.
Suez. 1956.
All right.
What about the Cromwells?
Not here.
To the airlift.
Not yet you know any of these people?
Nonsense.
We were just chortling over that. Blas and epicene. It perfectly describes the new Foreign Secretary. SoI hope you don't mind, Edward, I pinched it for my piece today.
No jokes. James is in love.
Name so Susie Barrington. Daughter of the eminent historian, Anne Barrington, stepdaughter of the scandalous Matthew Byrd the acclaimed sackartist...
To the Fleet.
The Argies.
Come on. Hand over.
It's shit.
Let me see.
Jeremy, just let me see what you've got.
Oh yes.
Let me see.
She's never written a book in it, but she clearly knew a lot.
It's obvious what you have to do. Your way into the daughter's pants is through the mother, up the Suez canal...
She's very nice, apparently. Lives in Norfolk. And very leftwing. You'll have to watch yourself there.
According to this, the daughter goes up to stay quiet often. You'll need to get yourself invited for the right weekend.
No need to thank me, if you don't want to. Just pay for these drinks.
We've been playing ten minutes for Christ sake.
What have you been up to?
The torture of small children
Hold those rights.
Fortunate that I was here to keep Susan entertained.
Delivering gossip and goodwill. It seems we'll both be doing Brighton. Perhaps you should come too.
Perhaps I will, then.
I'll ring you.
I'm not sure.
Yes, finally.
Are you up to something?
Fuck off.
My God. You even cooked up that Norfolk trip.
You're a piece of shit
So it's all worked out perfectly...
Was that your chapter, then? It was very good.
Yes, that's right. I'm being terribly rude. Bob? Oh, Bob. This is Bob Tuckett. Bon was at Oxford too.
No, it's all right. I can get a cab. Night night.
I quite liked it. I wasn't as enthusiastic as everyone else.
I think it went on rather too long.
And I didn't like that man.
And the shape of it all. It was sort of...shapeless.
You don't like flashbacks because your mother's a historian.
Too bad. What did your father do?
Everyone describes the same process. At first it is exciting. You're at the centre of the world. As soon as anything happens, you're the first to know about it. And there are deadlines a dozen times a day, even more, and that's intimidating and exciting. Then you get the hang of it and the excitement wears off. Your a clerk in a rather dowdy Office. There's none of the glamour of television, or the penetration of serious journalism. You're a processor of semiofficial news. Some people leave at this stage. Then, if you hang on, and especially if you're promoted, you discover a new kind of pleasure. You're pleased by the ease with which you can write summaries and bulletins from news agency printouts, by the way you ca judge length. Ending a broadcast on the dot, having everything run smoothly, selecting a running order that makes sense, knowing instinctively what you can and cannot do. Professionalism.
No, there's a fourth. Numbness. You do everything right, but you feel nothing either way.
Oh yes?
Mummy and I, we were more like lovers, really, or sisters. Then a couple of years after Daddy died, and not long after I left Oxford, she started seeing various men and I was furious. I really was upset. I stopped going home. I never phoned. I went round telling everyone how awful her books were. And she hardly seemed to notice, and that made me angrier. Then I got a job I was interested in, and I started to see lots of men, and I suppose I grew up a little and began to understand. So I wrote her a long letter, almost seven pages, saying how sorry I was, and how I was worried that we were drifting apart. And do you know, she wrote me a poem, a really beautiful poem about mothers and daughters.
It makes me weepy just to remember it. So we were fine again, and then she got married to Matthew who's a womaniser and a bit of a yob, but quite nice really, makes TV commercials. What about yours.
That must be rather nice, in a way. I mean, you don't have any
Who?
Very thoughtful.
Again?
Why not stay?
Me too.
Too late. Just my luck.
I don't trust anyone. That's what comes of working in television.
I bet. Thanks for the drink.
You just might.
I think she liked me.
No. We talked about history, and Siberian Geese.
I haven't really thought about it.
I haven't seen much of you.
He's all right, the professor.
I might.
Might?
Jeremy phoned this morning
He's making plans for Brighton. He thought we could travel down together.
In your car
Shall we have a drink or something?
We don't seem to get much time to talk.
I know, I know! Gentlemen, let me introduce you to one of our most talented contributors to The Cold War. James Penfield. He wrote the opening chapter, on 'The Berlin Airlift'. One of the best chapters in the book.
I won't introduce you all by name. Basically James, this is our UK sales team. What was I saying? Yes, these graduate trainees...
No thanks. I'd like to break away
...break away completely from
...from all the moralising and talk of national humiliation that is now the standard line on Suez...
No. I'd want to
I'd want to set out events as they happened. The way I see it is this: the British Empire was an ideal. It may have become totally obsolete by the middle of this century, but it wasn't totally dishonourable to try and defend its remains and try and salvage some selfrespect, which is what I think the Conservatives were trying to do. Then there's the essential
Yes, please.
Thank you.
Freshman and sophomores...
Like I was saying, the American angle in Suez is very important. I wouldn't want to say they let us down. I think that's wrong. A good ally is one who doesn't back you up in your mistakes, who tells you when to pull back. And the Americans were good allies. Simple as that.
Thank you.
And to history.
Don't tell me you've actually read it, Jeremy.
I see.
Of course.
It needn't concern you, Edward. James has got some news. He needs a poet's advice.
A glamorous young lady way above his station...
Not too bad, thanks. How have you been?
I'm not sure I can face it.
How's Mary?
No. That's terrible, Charles. What happened?
Aha. James giving some woman the old heaveho.
Thank you.
Now first of all, tell us your name.
This is Jill, Carol, Betty, Mandy, Louise, Pete over there, and I'm Carmen.
That doesn't matter. As long as we can get our message through to someone there. Jill, where are those handouts?
Very good.
But what we need is national coverage. It's difficult with this Falklands madness going on. Do you think you might be able to do something when you get back?
Mr. Penfield. I am sorry to have kept you.
Tom, Daddy would like to see you in the garden. And will you ask Betty to bring us some coffee. And remember to say 'please'.
He was delightful.
What a shame.
Well, I am a great admirer of your work. I read your books on Chartism when I was still at school. I'm a journalist, not a historian. There are questions of method, and approach. I wondered
Yes.
My husband apologises for not joining us. It's not too cold for you, Mr. Penfield?
Since you are a friend of my daughter's, I think I'm entitled to call you James, don't you think?
And I'd like you to call me Ann.
To James. I remember what it was I was going to say. We were talking about forgetfulness. The Czech writer Kundera has one of his characters say that the struggle of man against tyranny is the struggle of memory against forgetting.
If we leave the remembering to historians then the struggle is already lost. Everyone must have a memory, everyone needs to be a historian. In this country, for example, we're in danger of losing hardwon freedoms by dozing off in a perpetual present.
Thanks.
If you like. But don't be too modest, James. The citizen's duty is to remember, not necessarily to write books. You are highly qualified. You're a responsible journalist doing what sounds to me like a very demanding job. Every day you take decisions that depend on your sense of history. A genuine tyranny would have to get rid of people like you.
I think you'll do very well.
Actually, we've only just met. But we're quiet good friends.
Yes.
Well, I'd hate to be a nuisance.
Thank you.
The references are to Hansard or to newspapers. I haven't got the actual speeches now. You'll have to chase them up.
These are transcripts of various radio broadcasts, including Gaitskill's, the one they tried to stop. You ought to have that ...
Well, we were just...
Yes.
Didn't Evelyn Waugh say that the country under Atlee seemed to be under enemy occupation?
What went wrong?
I'm afraid you're not very glad to see me, Margo.
Soso.
Her name's Mayfield. Betty Mayfield.
She's just a girl I met on the train. You don't mind do you?
You shouldn't. You washed me up very thoroughly.
Margo, darling. You washed me up. Remember? We're just friends. You wanted it that way.
Rich? I haven't the faintest idea. Why?
I don't. My hunch is she's just torn up an unhappy marriage. I was able to do her a small favor.
I hoped to get enough to cover them before they cleared. I wasn't lucky.
I have a rough idea.
Correct. I couldn't even afford to pay a lawyer to defend me.
She is much younger than I am. That's something I'm going to have to get used to. Isn't it, Larry? They'll all be much younger than I am. Here. Tear them up.
You don't have to make a pose of it.
I seem to recognize this routine. First the kiss then the touch. Oh, what's the use. You're you.
That's not very kind.
What's this?
How long have you had it?
It's against the law to cross the border with a gun. The Canadian police might like to know about this.
I didn't mean it that way I'm sorry.
Of course.
I told you she's just..
Right.
I'm sorry. I forgot about calling for you.
Be nasty.
In that case, there's someone here I'd like to introduce to you. Over there.
I say YES!
Unsophisticated? If I knew about this babe...
How do you do, sir.
She's a suspect, naturally. But not the only one.
No.
Which forces me to arrest her against my better judgment.
Am I to interpret that as an order to arrest Miss Mayfield?
Are you a policeman or a softheaded nincompoop?
It won't look pretty good on your record, Killaine. Where's the girl now?
Well, find out. Who's covering her?
This girl is a murderess, Killaine.
Ye have, have ye?
And in the meantime this girl goes where she pleases, does what she pleases?
"Superintendent J. Mckechnie, Vancouver Police Department. Vancouver B.c. Replaying To Your E.P. teletype classification No. 2684 incomplete. We advise identification possible. Elizabeth Kinsolving, arrested Greenwater, North Carolina, January 8, 1948, on a charge of murder. Signed, FBI., Washington, D.C. H. Cleary, Inspector in charge." Have ye any comment, Killaine?
"Superintendent J. McKechnie, Vancouver Police Department. Replying your inquiry Elizabeth Kinsolving. Subject was indicted, first degree murder her husband, Lee Kinsolving, January this year. Guilty verdict set aside by presiding judge. Prisoner discharged, Whereabouts now unknown. Fingerprint classification" And exact correspondence, Killaine.
I think you'd be entirely justified, sir.
I do.
Two.
Nor I. This is why I gave it to you.
Not too far, I hope.
Get out of here!
You think I'm wrong about this bit of a girl. Go out and prove it against me!
I'm interested in who handled it.
No doubt about that one.
He checks too.
So far.
Mayfield? She fit into this?
You'll have to take my word for it. We don't make slides until we have perfect prints for comparison.
This gun permit was issued to Clark Brandon?
Brandon handled the money envelope.
I never wear a hat. Oh, so I am. I forgot. I guess I'm terribly sorry again, Mrs. West.
Oh nothing.
Scotch and plain water, I think.
I never saw it before.
What about me?
You knew Mitchell pretty well, didn't you, Mrs. West?
I shall. From your knowledge of Mitchell, would you say he would be likely to commit suicide?
Then why not give Miss Mayfield the benefit of the doubt?
Thank you very much, Mrs. West.
How did you know? Clarendon. You cops never tell anybody anything, do you.
It was Clarendon. He knew I had the gun in my bag.
Of course not. Thanks for telling me. I haven't seen Mr. Clarendon.
That depends upon your motive. You were in love with Mitchell, weren't you?
You didn't play it for laughs last night.
Mortar shells are not funny, either.
Not if it clears the air.
I'll investigate Mr. Clarendon's financial position
Perhaps a rich widow would have solved all his problems.
Sure. You didn't come here in person just to tell me about the gun. You wanted me to be looking across the desk at you while you talked about Mitchell. If I believe you, it would be psychologically impossible for you to have killed him last night.
You would still have planted information that Clarendon knew about the gunand not as an accusation, but in the process of defending yourself by making a confession. Very neat. Good morning, Mrs. West.
So it seems Sergeant.
I hate to pull rank on you Sergeant, but once in a while...for moral purposes...you might address me as "Inspector". In moments of extreme desperation, you might even call me "sir".
They tell me he'll be a great loss to the liquor trade. This Mayfield girl...
I've met her.
Pearlhandled .25 Automatic, uh? No, it's a Belgian gun... 6.6 mm.
This make of gun throws a shell backwards, high, and to the right. The chaise is only about four feet from the wall.
Unless the gun was slanted up.
Right. A clean deduction from observed facts. They've got to be simple once in a while, Inspector.
She didn't seem the type to lam outeven if she got the chance. That stuff was all gone through last night. Anything special you're looking for, Inspector?
I guess I'm just ballast around here.
Gigi, huh? Sounds Frenchone of those fancy ladies. Must have been very fancy, if he scratched her phone number in gold.
That's pretty risky business, Inspector.
Not too hard, is it?
There wasn't any motive...let's try out the act.
I think so.
Should be over there.
If I've got any sense I'm going to call headquarters.
Before I took the story and closed the case, I'd want to know a lot more about these people. I'd want to know just about everything about them.
Such as?
Do I know who lives down there?
Do I know that she's out of the room? Likely to be out of it for some time?
Pretty big chance, huh?
This is the shell. What about the gun?
I've handled it. Mitchell's handed it. If I wipe it off, no suicide. If I take it out and lose it, no suicide. If I leave it here....no suicide.
I've got to find a way to handle it, openly. Like Brandon.
He could have tried. If he was up there in the dark, listening, he'd know when she came home, know when she found Mitchell dead, know what she did about it. If she telephoned, he'd probably hear that.
If she didn'tif luck was against himhe wipes the gun off, reaches the wall up theredrops it on the chaise.
Did we ever really think it was suicide?
And a motivewhich we haven't got. So this could all be a dream.
A think wirebut very, very strong. Let's get out of here.
The joint's not open, Mac. Who's Brandon?
Go live in a tent.
Talk English. How do I know you're you?
One of those nice long manila envelopessealed. Not too fat not too thin.
You get it's brother.
I need a receipt. Sign your name across the flap.
When you sign for it, you count it. It's your dough.
Floater?
You're the waterfront specialist. Find out about it. I've got a murder to investigate.
Drunkrolling job. They hit him too hard.
Let me know when you've identified him
I'm an Irishman, sir. An Irishman is always logical.
I've got a year. Or a second. I'm not sure which.
We've done that. He's a San Francisco private eye. Name Martin J. Goble, GOBLE. Had initials in his hat and for once he lived where he bought it. Goble and Greer is the firm name.
If you'd seen the blood on his headand some body had to carry him out to sea
I got through to Greer, his partner in the detective business. Greer won't give out.
Send that?
If you're asking my opinion, no. I'd read it to Greer over the phone. Ask him if he had any objections.
How important would it have to be? It's only murder, Inspector.
Thanks, Inspector. What are your orders about this wire to San Francisco?
What's the face for, Driscoll?
We don't need him.
I'm sorry, Inspector, I don't know much about..
No, Not recently. I'm sure of that.
I needn't keep you any longer, Mr. Clarendon.
I'm getting positively haggard. In a couple of years people will be describing me as well preserved.
So much less refined than frizzling them in the chair.
What are you doing here?
What do you want?
Passkey?
Don't be a fool. I loved him. He wasn't worth it, but I loved him.
You nasty, sardonic
I'm a very observant man. You had something in your bag this afternoon, Something that causes you to hold it in a particular way. Something that made a particular sound when you put it down on the bar. You went out with Mitchell. None of us ever saw him again.
I saw your face this evening when the detective showed you the gun. You lied. It was obvious.
So he didbut he hasn't told you what he saw. I have.
Convenient, isn't it?
How clumsy. I'd never forgive myself. Good night my dear.
With what motive?
He was very easy to hate. If you'll look in your mirror, when you are in a better temper you'll know why.
Mr. Mitchell.
Rather more than a little something, Mr. Mitchell.
I think we'd better discuss this in my office, Mr. Mitchell.
Hello, Mitchell. Having fun?
What's the matter, baby. Don't you like me anymore?
Lay off what? This is my new girl friend. Met her on the train. She's very fond of me. Love at first sight. Wasn't it, baby?
Did I do something wrong?
How would you know, Brandon?
You don't throw guests out, Brandon.
What?
It goes with this... cold houses and warm drinks...the effete Englishman.
That's what I like about cocktail parties. Everyone is so perfectly natural.
The usual grind.
If I can get off.
Hardly. Who's the girl?
She doesn't look like a girl who would let herself be picked up on a train.
Thank you.
Where?
Quite sure you had no motive?
I rather thought so. And before that, had you ever seen the gun?
It was lying where on the balcony?
We do, when we get the chance.
No thanks. I had some. How would you like to take a walk for, say, half and hour?
Delightfully. Every time Miss Mayfield says something, I know less than I did before. Well, I may as well knock off for tonight. Good night, Miss Mayfield. Do let me thank you for your cooperation.
I don't.
Time for a little chat?
Thanks. I don't mind.
I never notice the view after the first week.
I wouldn't know.
Could we discuss that some other time?
A couple of hours.
That must hurt.
Would that make me a heel?
Doesn't answer the question.
You passed up a dozen chances to arrest her. What toughened you up?
Don't kid me. You don't think she murdered Mitchell.
That COULD BE TOLD.
Your concentrating too hard, Killaine. What about Margo West? She had a motive. I guess you know by this time whose gun it was?
Mitchell was killed down here. How could Clarendon get in to do it? Or Margo for that matter.
She didn't have to. He could have climbed down from here.
Or just drunk enough. He was with her when she registered. He knew where her room was. You were out most of the evening. There was a lot of mess to clean up . Waiters coming and going, the door standing open. Suppose Mitchell came in to grab a drink for himself, then wandered out on this balcony, then realized betty's balcony was just below yours.
You don't buy it. Okay. So I still want Betty Mayfield. Where is she?
No more for me, thanks. Remember what I said. I can't interfere with the law.
You forgetting the gag line, Killaine. The police don't take anything for granted.
Wait a minute. I'll go with you.
Now and then. Mostly just for the fun of it.
I buy my shirts by the dozen. Fortunately.
I had a father who knew how to steal.
You asked me where it all came from.
All right, let's see the buzzer.
So you're not a cop.
Who told you my name?
How are your teeth getting along?
What's this in favor of?
Hi Margo. Hello Killaine. You two come together?
Let me introduce you. Mr. Killaine, Mrs. West.
What'll you have, Margo?
You, Killaine?
Sometimes.
Leave that one lay.
I'm sorry. This thing has just knocked me silly. How long do we have to wait for this police character?
That comedian?
I'm not interested in blind dates.
You asked for it.
I'm not sure I want anything from you. You might want something from me.
Informationprotectionyou might even want to hire me to go home and listen to the radio. That's the funny part of my business once in a while, I get hired not to work. Nice girl you were with last night. Known her long?
You guessed it. The card's phony. I got plenty of 'em. Different names, different jobs. I work out of San Francisco. Go anywhere, do anything. All it takes is the folding.
$40 a day and expenses. Expenses run pretty high on a case like this. I'm a long way from home. I don't have a B.C. Licence. I'd need about $500 for a retainer.
Mayfield? Oh, that girl you were with last night. You haven't hired me yet. Mr. Brandon.
Quit trying to scare me, Mr. Brandon, I'm neurotic.
You hurt my feelings. I ought to raise the price to be a thousand.
Bluff. You've waited too long.
I go home and paint the kitchen.
I stick around and wait for the five hundred.
Sorry. Another client paid for that. You can hire me not to use it.
Got it on you?
Get it in half an hour.
Why not here?
Charlie's suits me fine. I don't scare.
Morning. Any calls?
All right. Get him.
Who's Goble?
This way.
I don't know her.. or particularly want to.
I was born in New York City. I grew up. And here I am.
I'm sorry, that's all there is.
Please answer my question.
That's an evasion and you know it.
Well, that's not getting us anywhere. You won't tell me who you are, or give any account of yourself. You won't even give me your address in the United States. Why? Unhappy marriage?
There's the clear mark of a wedding ring on your finger.
Regimental! Seaforth Highlanders.
Stop saying you're sorry. I want information, not regrets.
What this?
Where's you get it?
An unhappy marriage hardly seems a sufficient reason for that.
I probably shallafter I've tortured you a little more.
They're all crude, when they don't work. Had breakfast?
Deep blue? I'd call it greyblue.
FLorida?
Down below's Stanley Park. On the other side of the trees, there's a beach. You can see it. Steveston's over there. Coast Guard station. There's the Yacht Club, and beyond it, the docks. The over on the other side of the inlet, there's Grouse Mountain. It's about 4000 feet high. There's a restaurant on top of it. Very nice restaurant. I'm sorry we couldn't have met in pleasanter circumstances, Miss Mayfield.
True. I was a bit irritable last night. I apologize.
You've had dealings with the police before?
But not in the investigation of a major crime, I hope.
We're 98 per cent certain Mitchell was murdered. There are a lot of reasons. Was he very drunk when you last saw him?
I'd like to believe that. It's not too easy.
The police always do, don't they?
I wouldn't make you talk about it. My job is the death of Marry Mitchell. Why can't you give me your confidence?
We try to be decent.
You won't tell me who you are? You won't even give me a chance to help you?
If I understand what you meant by that.
Then there isn't much I can do, is there?
This isn't a very good place to talk.
I've come here to arrest you for murder.
I might be able to save you. If I knew enough.
There must be but when I'm with you I can't find it.
Points very straight to her.
What does he see?
Very ridiculous.
What do your friends call you? The ones that know you well?and like you very much?
Jeff. Shall we go now, Jeff, and get it over with?
Looking for peanuts, I suppose.
I always wear gloves when I shoot people. A bad jokebut better than tears.
They'll only find someone else who won't be so kind.
Because you think your in love with me?
You've got a couple of hours, maybe.
I can't answer that.
That's they're business. Can I drop you somewhere?
What are you going to dotoss your job into Puget Sound? Because I make you think of magnolias? I thought policeman was something like a soldier. That his duty came first. However much he might happen hate it.
What proper grounds? You can't be in love with me. You hardly know me. I'm not in love with you.
But even if you were in love with me.
You do things the hard way, don't you?
Not sometimes. Always. Just because it is the hard way. You're that kind of man, Jeff.
He could have killed me a dozen times. You'd never have known.
No, Jeff. You don't. He's not a murderer, I tell you. He;s not a murderer.
But I tell youif you'd only understand.
Yes, Miss.
Sorry, Miss. Beer and ale only. Canadian law.
Beer or ale, Miss?
Right, Miss.
No, please.
I see.
Disgusting, aren't they? If you really want a Martini, I know where you can get one.
I see.
I don't need it that badly. I don't enjoy crashing other people's parties.
What did you say his name was?
You don't sound as if you liked him very much.
As I said before...
You're not paying for this. It's quite enough that you let me sit at your table.
And do you amuse the guests?
You're drinking it.
Would it make you anymore amusing?
I didn't say anything.
I hate to be alone. But I've heard all the approaches there are... even yours.
Do you think I don't?
You're sure Mr. Brandon won't mind?
Dance?
I know it's a littler late for an apology.
Don't take it so big... it isn't a tragedy.
What's funny about that? If you pick up people like Larry Mitchell other people are bound to get funny ideas about you. The world is full of Larry Mitchells.
There isn't one.. That anyone would believe. I went for a walk after dinner, down to the ocean...alone... I came up and went to bed. I didn't sleep very well. Then there was a thunderstorm. And it began to rain. I went across to close the French door. That's the first time I saw him out there.
Not with my consent, strange as it seems. I don't know how he got in. I don't know anything.
Sure... but somebody always does..
I don't.
On a train. He said he lived here, and he offered to make a reservation for me.
He knew the immigration officer. He eased himself in.
That's all there is.
I'd rather wait until it does matter.
There wasn't any plane.
Want a spike in it?
There's one thing I may as well tell you. You'll find it out anyhow. I tried to run awaywhen I found him out there on the balcony. There wasn't any plane.
Bad?
He could hardly help suspecting you.
What time is it?
There's a lot of night left to live through.
Dance? Tonight?
Certainly not to me.
You, too? My name is Betty Mayfield. I was born, and I am here. Message ends. That's what I told him. He didn't like it.
Cold?
At this time of night. It's not as bad as it looks.
Dance? Here?
They know you hereknow your name.
That man over there. He was in the hotel lobby.
We walked right passed him. He's following us.
Then he's got to be a detective.
Then he's
Absolutely sure.
He's a fellow with a very hard knee, and he knows how to use it.
He's not a cop. A cop wouldn't have kneed me.
Us?
Why?
Anything I can do about it?
Try not talking.
Nothing matters.
That's the second round I've lost tonight. That fellow hurt me.
From you, I like it.
I'm in the Hudson Bay Company's store. That man last nightthe one that followed me
Cant be too close for me. Right across the street from it suits me. Anything else listed?
You're probably mistaken about that. Let's get together sand talk it over. There's always a solution to these problems. But it must be near the water. Quite near Yes, if you don't mind waiting.
No percentage in that.
I know. Killaine has a warrant.
If you meant it, you wouldn't show it to me, Betty. Or am I supposed to deliver it to dear Inspector Killaine?
There's a lot of water between Vancouver and the U.S.A. This note is a suicide note. After you're gone where would they look for you? Why would they look for you? Darkness, and open water, and a fast cabin cruiser. And I have a pocket full of money. And if I helped you, I'd be committing a crime, or so they tell me.
How bad is it? Bad enough for
Take me where I haven't the courage to take myself.
I was tried for murdering my husband. Guilty. The judge set the verdict aside. There was one man on the jury but he was afraid. They were all afraidof my fatherinlaw. That man followed me last night he came from him of course. My fatherinlaw will never give up. Never. He promised me that. So I came to Vancouver, B.C. As far away as I can get from North Carolina. And it happens all over again. Almost the same thing. Almost the same way. Do you wonder about this
They'll look for you.
And Betty Mayfield
But that's what I'm doing. Couldn't they think of that?
Killaine...
You'll be safe here. I won't be long. Help yourself to anything you want. The galley's through there. You can make coffee if you like.
It did, but it never paid off until now. I ought to be back within an hour. We can't leave until near dark anyway.
It's the frame on the picture. But not if you say so.
You wouldn't like it. I've been there.
Well?
Killaine's wise. We can't wait any longer. Here, put this on. But stay out of sight until we clear the harbor. I'll tell you when.
See anything?
There would be a moon tonight.
Frozen.
I decided I didn't want a drink...I'm beginning to wonder.
If you're doing all this just for me.
I thought you had to be back to the hotel. To leave mymy note.
Funny, I never thought of you that way. You were so close too. We were all pretty stupid about you.
Including Killaine...I still can't think of you that way.
Larry Mitchell found out. So you killed him.
If it was an accident, you could have told the truth.
What your father did doesn't condemn you.
The money that makes you Mr. Clark Brandon. Let's you live in a penthouse, on top of the Vancouver Royal. Lets you own a cruiser. Lets you do as you please, go where you please. You big, openhanded, generous guy. That's the kind of money it takes, isn't it?
That man that was following us last nighthe didn't come back this morning. I'm beginning to wonder about him, too. Was he really following meor you?
He'll come back...They always come back when you give them money.
Youkilledhim?
I guess I'm a little screwy. Maybe I could believe it. Should I try?
So that I will never be found.
I'm still on course to Victoria. Nobody saw you get on board, nobody seen you since.
And I'm begging for my lifeand yours.
Yes. Yours. You haven't murdered anybody. You killed Mitchell. Wasn't that an accident? It must have been. If you kill a blackmailer, you kill him deadso that he can't talk anymore.
And that nasty man that followed us last night. You didn't kill him.
Magruder does.
But the next one is murder. First the little step, then the longer step , and then the step you can never take back. You could tell about Mitchell. You could tell about Magruderand the detective. It would hurt, but you could do it. You could never tell about me.
Every day of your life you'll want me. You'll never get over it. Every time you see your face in the mirror
This is it, Betty. They'll find us again, fog or no fog.
Me?
I think you mean that.
If I didI don'tnow.
I'm Miss Mayfield. Is Mr. Campbell here?
Bank?
I'm carrying quite a large sum in Travelers checks. How much of a deposit would you like?
How soon can I get a plane to Seattle?
How long would that take?
Immigration Officer?
They might think I was running away from something.
No thanks, I've seen Seattle.
Same as an hour ago. Remember? I'm the steady type.
You could tell me your name. And where you're going.
Vancouver, B.C.
Or Reno? They always throw them off the bridge there, I've heard.
Where are you staying in Vancouver Royal. It's pretty crowded you know.
I'll make one for you. I live there.
A very small service. It doesn't even ask for thanks. How long for?
Indefinitely?
You don't know.
Very nice Mitchell turns.
Thank you.
I'm supposing.
I have a darned good idea you're name isn't Betty Mayfield at all.
How about taking to Uncle Larry into the old firm? He's a useful guy to have on your side.
Don't get me wrong, Betty. I'm not suggesting you murdered anybody, you know.
Not tonight.
I'm not in the mood for dining and dancing.
I'm sure you have.
I haven't been invited.
Perhaps I'd better get you straightened out, Mr. Mitchell. You've been rather nice to me, in a couple of ways. And I'm grateful. But I don't think this entitles you to put me on a leash.
The brushoff, huh?
Don't I even get my face slapped?
Okay. You win.
If I change my mind.
How do you do?
Why certainly, baby.
How careful should I be?
Maybe you're going to have to like me.
Just drunk enough.
Next time you try that, Mr. Mitchell... ..don't. I'm warning you.
Jackson, looks like you got Elias' squad now.
These two holes are yours...
I don't want to hear your problems, Jackson. You'll get new men any day. Time being you make do like everybody else.
I don't want to hear about it Jackson.
That's right. I don't want to hear about it 'cause to tell you the truth, I don't give a shit okay... I just don't give a shit anymore.
This is one time we could sure use Elias.
If you're gonna do it man, 'least do it right.
Bah, you're a child, Lerner. Rhah don't waste time on you.
Barnes took a bullet right there. At Ia Drang Valley... And the cocksucker SURVIVED  that's BAAAD man. That's his high, baby. High on WAR!
That's what he is... Baaaa!
Baaaa! Fuck it, they sold us out  so what! What'd you'all expect? Civilian life is phoney BULLSHIT man. They're ROBOTS man  watchin' dopey television and drivin' dopey cars, and they fuck up, nobody dies. That's all right, you keep fuckin' up, politicians keep lyin'. Cause it don't really matter. Don't mean shit. So what! Whatcha want  a parade! Fuck that too! No war time no grunt never got no respect. Till he was dead  and even THEN! You're fighting for YOURSELF man! You're fighting for your SOUL, dat's all. Remember dat. And it's some goddamn battle too  if you'se a man, wrestle with that angel... ...Love and Hate  the whole shitbang show, that's the story then and now and it ain't hardly gonna change...
This ain't Taylor. Taylor been shot. This man Chris been resurrected...
Merle? Jesus!... Patty?
Found it. Growing in a garden.
I know Barnes six months and I'll tell ya something  that man is MEAN, red in his soul like a dick on a dog.
He done a year in Japan in the hospital, then when he gets out, the first thing he done is reup. Four years he been in the field...
The Good Lord works his revenge in strange ways.
Not the only man to meet his Jezebel either.
Then you jes gonna forget 'bout Elias and all the good times we done had? Right in here.
Right on.
Tell Six we need engineers here, this pos. is crawling with traps.
Alright, Six says torch this place! Blow the weapons in place. Round up all suspected Vee Cees and shake it up! We ain't got much light left.
What are you talking about!
No I don't. I don't know what the fuck you're talking about, Elias!
Maybe but I seen it happen at Ia Drang in '66, First Cavalry and they cut us to fuckin' pieces! Give me three men, if I'm wrong, I can still roll up that flank.
They don't know shit Barnes, and chances are we gonna run into something.
Hey O'Neill why don't you cool it, you don't have to be a prick everyday of your life, you know.
Excuses are like assholes, Taylor  everybody got one.
...Motherfuckah, motherfuckah, I'm too short to be dealing with this shit! They keep fucking with us man, no letup...
Fortytwo days man and a wakeup and I'm a gone motherfucker. Back to de WORLD.
March man in Tennessee, sniff the pines... sniff that crossmounted pussy walkin' down by the river. What you got Taylor? Let's see three hundred and WHAT?
You a crazy fucker, givin' up college man.
Sounds like it.
Shit, too bad we in base camp anyway.
Yeah, just stole me some from the Top's supply but he's stealing it from us anyway. Chucks are coming. You better 'didi' man.
I volunteered.
Yeah, I dropped out of college and told 'em I wanted infantry, combat, and Nam...
Nah...
No, thanks...
...you know that night we got hit... I...
Yo getting there Taylor. You be cool now and I'll introduce you 'round to some of the 'heads'.
Later...
Well sometimes a man jes don' wanna go back. How you gonna talk to civilians man? People back in the world just don't give a shit, y'know what I mean, to them you're a fuckin' animal is all
...there's nobody.
Who gives a shit!
Y'ever get caught in a mistake King and you just can't get out of it?
Not just me... it's the way the whole thing works. People like Elias get wasted and people like Barnes just go on making up rules any way they want and what do we do, we just sit around in the middle and suck on it! We just don't add up to dry shit.
Hey that's great King, that's great... you take it on home for me, you tell 'em King... got your address right? You know where you can reach men, man. Anytime!
First time?
Then the worm has definately turned for you man.
Yeah. No pain in my neck now. Feels good.
...But what'd she do?
But what'd she actually do?
Dawn! That was it!
...I can't sleep, why don't you get some sack time.
...beautiful night.
That's a nice way of putting it.
Barnes believes in what he's doing.
In '65  yeah. Now... No. What happened today's just the beginning. We're gonna lose this war...
Oh shit! Sometimes there's things in my head... man. Grass does that to me, fucks me all up like a crazy Indian...
Yeah, those are the guys that live. I really don't think Death gives a shit, it's like a giant garbage can, I think it takes whatever it can get... you never know where it's gonna come from anyway... so why spin your wheels?
No... I move faster alone.
Hey take it easy man. They're scared.
Where's Lerner?
Come on man!
Hey Taylor, you okay man?
Jes' fine man, jes fine! Ain't never felt better! Both of us two timers man, we're out. See you at the hospital man, we gonna get highhigh yessir...
What?
Where's he from?
Does he have a metal plate in his head?
Baaa, got no time to go to the movies. Love and Hate too busy fighting for possession of my soul.
'Lias come naturally.
Hang tough, Gator. Hang in there, man, you're gonna be OK... just hang on.
I got one...
Shit boy you been out in the sun too long. You try that, he'll stick it right back up your ass with a candle on it.
I suggest you watch your own asses cause Barnes gonna be down on ALL OF 'EM.
You guys trying to cure the headache by cutting off the head. 'Lias didn't ask you to fight his battles and if there's a Heaven  and god, I hope so  I know he's sitting up there drunk as a fuckin' monkey and smokin' shit cause HIS PAINS HE DONE LEFT DOWN HERE. Baaaaaaaaa!
I was wrong.
Taylor! Francis!
Rhah! What's going on. Rodriguez's hole just got...
Listen to that shit, that's good shit!
Whaddaya talking shit for man. Hey Junior! Y'ever smoke any shit?
Say I can dig it. Smoke that shit everything kinda gets weird y'know? Y'hear that story the gooks is putting chemicals in the grass so's we become 'pacifists' so's we don fight Where the hell's everybody, they'se gettin high that's what  bunch of hopheads, they think they special...
Yeah but I still like a piece of pussy once in a while  ain't nothing like a piece of pussy cept maybe the Indie 500.
Y'ever look at yoself in the mirror Junior, youse uglier than a dick on a dog man.
Shit, I bet I been laid more'n you have.
Yeah?
Come on you can do better than that!
Hey Big Harold, gimme your peaches for the fruitcake man.
C'mon man, didn't I do you right that time I give you the turkey loaf for the ham and lima beans shit.
Youse a pig man. I hope Manny get dat laundry gig for' you do.
He's a fool alright but you a bigger fool. Hey, whiteboy, watcha waiting for  dat hole ain't gonna dig itself...
That reminds me, I gotta take a shit.
Yeah if you let me have your shirt.
Shaddup bitch.
Yeah, they had claymores strung up in the trees, blew a whole fucking platoon to pieces. BAAD SHIT.
Says he can't walk.
Sarge?
Uh... Bob. Like to speak to you. Take a minute.
Bob, I got Elias' R&R... It's coming up in 3 days. Going to Hawaii. See Patsy. I never asked you for a break, I was hoping you... you'd send me in on the chopper with King... what do you say Chief?
Hey Bob, come on! Talk to me hunh, it's your friend Red, I'm only asking you for three days chief...
Bob, I gotta bad feeling about this, I... I'm telling you I got a bad feeling, man, I don't think I'm gonna make it... y'know what I mean?
Elias  you take your squad and I'll take Tex and Francis from your squad. We move out in twozero mikes.
Blood trail just keeps going and going but no body.
Fuckers returned fire soon as we lit 'em up. Hard core fuckin' NVA. They got their shit together.
Stay out of this Elias. This ain't your show.
You're dead, you're fucking dead Elias!
Where the fuck is red platoon! Tell 'em to get their asses up here! What the fuck you doin' back here Elias? Round up your assholes and move 'em up front, we're getting chopped to shit.
...You keep pouring out that suppressing fire, Barnes. I don't wanna be caught out there with my ass hanging out you hear me?
Bunker...
...but 'Lias is still out there.
Elias is dead. Join up with the platoon. Move it.
Yeah. Back about 100 metres. He's dead, now get going, the gooks are all over the fuckin' place.
KILL YOU MOTHERFUCKER!!!
Of course. He saw you moving yours.
Wouldn't it more properly be done in your office?
Dr. Zira  you state here that a ship from outer space sank in an inland sea of our eastern desert.
Do you believe him?
But how convenient that the proof of his arrival has vanished? You also state that Bright Eyes had two intelligent companions at the time of his capture.
Where are they now?
He doesn't know.
Let them talk, Mr President. Let them talk.
Secondly, if these 'tools' as you call them, are unidentified, why are they introduced as 'evidence' of anything?
What?
He won't survive. Do you know what sort of life awaits you out there, Taylor? That of an animal. If you aren't eventually hunted down and killed by apes, some jungle beast will devour you.
In a few minutes there will be no doll. There can't be. I'm sorry.
Listen, listen  I can speak
My  name  isn't  Bright Eyes It's Taylor!
I'm not acting! I can talk! How much proof do you want?
Where have you been? Why didn't you come to see me?
What is this?
It's him...Landon.
Second from the left.
No, I swear  I never saw this man before.
Listen
Cornelius and I have been indicted for heresy. Unless we can prove our theories, we don't stand a chance of acquittal.
Are you going to take her with you?
Actually, you're a different breed. This creature will never evolve.
You want her that much?
What's the diagnosis, doctor? A touch of the sun?
And that's your Minister of Science. Honor bound to expand the frontiers of knowledge.
Except that he's also the Chief Defender of the Faith.
He has a point. On my planet children often play with ape dolls.
Taylor, you can't.
Why not?
Wasn't I humiliated? By all of you? Didn't you lead me around on a leash?
We can't.
Dr. Zira, I'd like to kiss you goodbye.
Go with God, Taylor. That's an old expression. it comes from both ape and man.
Well...do you acknowledge kinship with any of these creatures?
Identify him, then. Speak to him.
Oh, your case was preordained. In a way, you performed a service for the State ... Because your hearing made it possible for us to expose Zira and Cornelius. And now the Tribunal has placed you in my custody for...final disposition. Do you know what that means?
Emasculation, to begin with. Then experimental surgery. On the speech centers. On the brain. Ultimately, a kind of living death.
I told the truth at that 'hearing'of yours.
My tribe, as you call it, lives on another planet in a distant solar system.
What about it?
I take it you don't believe the prosecutor's charge  that I'm a monster created by Dr. Zira.
That's exactly what Zira and Cornelius claim. You're talking heresy, doctor.
All right, suppose I am a mutant? Why does the appearance of one mutant send you into a panic?
Then you admit
Thank you for calling me Taylor. Dr. Zaius, I know who I am. Who are you? How did this upside down civilization ever get started?
I don't know.
I'm not protecting anybody! That hearing was a farce. What have I done?
Stop right there.
There is no contradiction between faith and science. True science.
What is your proposal?
Twelve hundred years ago.
Of course.
I don't say he was a man like an Earthman, but I'd call him a close relative, for he was plagued by most of man's ills. Yet, fragile as he was, he came before you  and was superior to you.
Tell him to pull back!
Then answer this: If ran was superior, why didn't he survive?
Then there is another jungle?
Sure. In a cage.
No, thanks. I'll take freedom.
Because you are a man. And you were right  I have always known about man. From the evidence, I believe his wisdom must walk hand in hand with his idiocy. His emotions must rule his brain. He must be a warlike animal who gives battle to everything around him  even himself.
The Forbidden Zone was once a paradise. Your breed made a desert of it, ages ago.
Don't look for it, Taylor. You may not like what you find.
By your leave, Mr. President  the Tribunal has not yet defined the purpose of this inquiry.
Then why is he called the accused Your Honors must think him guilty of something.
Mind your tongue, madame.
Since the defendant is forbidden to speak in his own defense, he asks that this statement be read into the record.
'I have come to you from a planet in a different solar system. I am an explorer in space, with no hostile intentions against your civilization. On my planet it was the primate Man who evolved Into a thinking animal, while the apes remained..."
This is a joke in very poor taste.
How so?
Sustained.
Dr. Zira  tell Bright Eyes to sit down.
It says here that his name is Bright Eyes. You gave him that name yourself.
Bailiff! Make the animal be quiet.
Dr. Zira! Silence that man!
Bailiff! Stop this outburst! Gag that monstrosity!
A man, Dr. Maximus.
Yes, Sir. But this  creature is a special case.
We're  conducting a new experiment.
My own purpose is to save this exceptional creature from mutilation.
At the very least, this man has the right to know whether there's a charge against him.
He wouldn't leave her.
Gorilla hunters ...
Who put them up?
To scare off humans?
So you can talk. I'm Dr. Zira's nephew. This abduction was her idea. You're not really going to the zoo. That's just our cover story in case we're stopped. Although I do feel that if it ever came down to a question of whether something like you should be public or private property
She comes along too.
I want her.
Fine. Just let her out.
I'm for that.
In my world  before I left it  only youngsters of your age wore un scraped hair.
Always giving orders. Just like every other adult.
Not everything. They left a hostage. How do you feel, Lucius?
All right, all right. Will You do me a favor? No orders.
I want you to go around the bend and tell those gorillas their leader is my prisoner.
They think you're behaving foolishly. I must say I agree. Where will you go?
Lucius.
That's the boy. Keep 'em flying.
The flags of discontent. It's the only way anything ever gets changed. Don't try to follow us. I'm pretty handy with things like this.
What signal?
It's no use ... there she goes.
Gone.
Well? Where are we? Have any notion, skipper?
Landon! Join the expedition.
Air leak. Died in her sleep.
It's a little late for a wake. She's been dead nearly a year.
By our time. You've turned gray.
long pause) You know it.
Prove it. If we can't get back, it's still just a theory.
If only we could get a fix.
All right
I'm prepared to die.
Climb off me, will you!
Taylor. I'm telling you
Okay. You read me well enough. Why can't I read you?
Dodge ... he's not like me at all. But he makes sense. Held walk naked into a live volcano if he thought he could learn something no other man knew. I understand why he's here. But you...You're no seeker. You're negative.
I'd like to know why not. You thought life on Earth was meaningless. You despised people. So what did you do? You ran away.
Let's take a look.
Okay.
Try telling them our names.
You're our optimist Look at the bright side. If that's the best there is around here, in six months we'll be running this planet.
Good morning, Julius. How's our patient today?
You could get hurt doing that, Doctor.
Awww, it still hurts, doesn't it?
Did you see that? It's remarkable!
He's trying to form words.
What happened?
I'll see.
He's vicious, Doctor. Besides, it's against the rules.
Tell the court, Bright Eyes  what is the second Article of Faith?
Of course he doesn't know our culture  because he cannot think. Tell us why all apes are created equal.
Ridiculous. That answer is a contradiction in terms. Tell us, Bright Eyes, why do men have no souls? What is the proof that a divine spark exists in the simian brain?
Objection. The accused is indeed a man. Therefore, he has no rights under ape law.
State your case, Mr. Prosecutor.
There is a conspiracy afoot to undermine the very cornerstone of our Faith
Directly, Mr. President. This wretched man, the accused, is only a pawn in the conspiracy. We know that he was wounded in the throat at the time of his capture. The State charges that Dr. Zira and a corrupt surgeon named Galen experimented on this wounded animal, tampering with his brain and throat tissues to create a speaking monster ...
Proceed. But don't turn this hearing into a farce.
Very well. I suggest we go and look at them.
Sustained. Your archeological theories have no bearing on the disposition of this creature.
Sustained.
Be it so ordered. The Tribunal will examine all the evidence presented here and in due time render a verdict on the proposed indictment and on the disposition of the deviate in question. This hearing is adjourned.
Him.
I don't know. This beast lost a lot of blood.
These animals are dirty, doctor. They stink, and they carry communicable diseases. Why aren't they cleaned up before they're brought here?
What do you mean, made it? I'm an animal psychologist, that's all. We don't have any authority.
That's because Dr. Zaius realizes our work has value.
The foundations of scientific brain surgery are being laid right here  in studies of cerebral function in these animals.
Got your sensors?
Geiger counter?
One pistol... twentyfour rounds of ammo. two medical kits.. one camera... one TX9. We've enough food and water for three days.
Good question. Landon  check your communications kit.
Any sign of dangerous ionization?
Okay. If there's no life here, we've got just seventytwo hours to find it. That's when the groceries run out.
That way.
None at all.
You're more than three hundred light years from your precious planet. Your loved ones have been dead and forgotten for twenty centuries. Even if you could get back, they'd think you were something that fell out of a tree.
Let's find them all.
Blessed are the vegetarians.
No.
That's Bright Eyes. The one I was telling you about.
Watch. Hello, Bright Eyes. How's our throat today?
Remembers what?
Zira, come on. You know they can't  Oh oh. Here comes Number One.
Dear, you're a scientist. Don't you believe your own eyes?
Now, just a minute
'Dodge was killed in the hunt. What happened to Landon?' I don't know.
Flight is a scientific impossibility.
Cornelius, why do you insist on provoking him?
'Then how do you account for me?,
But what about your theory? The existence of someone like Taylor might prove it.
Don't be foolish. If it's true, they'll have to accept it.
Cornelius has developed a brilliant hypothesis
that the ape evolved from a lower order of primate, possibly man. In his trip to the Forbidden Zone he discovered traces of a culture older than recorded time
You didn't think so then.
How can scientific truth be heresy? What if Taylor is exactly the proof you needed? A mutation. A missing link between the unevolved primate and the ape
Because if he is a missing link, it means the Sacred Scrolls aren't worth their parchment.
No, thank you'. I won't get into that battle.
Zira, listen to me. We've got a fine future ahead of us. Marriage. Stimulating careers. I'm up for a raise
Zira....
There was one bad moment  some hunters stopped us.
Right. Let's put the water and provisions in the wagon.
Do you have any weapons?
Just the same, I want one.
Zaius seems to think there might be another jungle beyond the Forbidden Zone. That's what we'll try for. What about you?
You still don't believe me, do you?
Nothing much. The remnants of a life raft. Maybe a small flag. The emblem of my countrymen.
I know ... Nevertheless, I thank you for saving us. You'll be in trouble for going there.
It empties into a sea some miles from here. That's where the cave is.
No one really knows. It's an ancient taboo. Set forth in the Sacred Scrolls. The Lawgiver pronounced the area deadly.
Right now, if you like.
Taylor, you're not in command here. Put down that gun.
Taylor, I'd rather you
Yes. I have to agree. From all you've found so far, his position's as good as yours.
Reconstructing a life. Care to have a look?
And now you know the truth. Cornelius has beaten you, Doctor. He proved it. Man preceded you here. You owe him your science, your language, whatever knowledge you have.
Good luck then.
Certainly, sir. I'll get my notes and come right over.
Did you forget our appointment, Cornelius?
You know Dr. Maximus, our Commissioner for Animal Affairs?
He exceeded his orders. His travel permit was promptly revoked.
How did you know we'd come here?
I ask you to reconsider the rash course you've taken. If you're convicted of heresy, the most you'll get is two years. But if you persist in pointing guns in my direction, you'll hang for high treason.
I've seen some of your fossils and artifacts. They're worthless.
Don't speak to me in absolutes. The evidence is contestable.
To begin with, your methods of dating the past are crude, to say the least. There are geologists on my staff who would laugh at your speculations.
Your conclusion is premature. Have you forgotten your Scripture? The Thirteenth Scroll? 'And Proteus brought the upright beast into the garden, and chained him to a tree, and the children made sport of him.'
Well? For a time the ancients kept humans as household pets. Until the Lawgiver proved that man could not be tamed. Keep digging Cornelius. You'll find evidence of the master of this house: an ape.
That's correct. And you will both stand trial for heresy.
Doesn't need to be. Use this to get back up to the SolTrack Shipping Lanes, stick out a thumb. You'll get picked up. Right?
Maybe they had weight limits, you don't know.
You were tryin' to kill him too.
Take it.
Startin' to acclimate, anyhow. Take it.
Blowdart hunting stick from Papua New Guinea. Very <u>very</u> rare, since the tribe's extinct.
Well, what's the need, anyway? If he's gone, he's gone. Why should he bother us?
So much for my cocktail hour.
Well, just keep your bloodyfuckin' eyes open. Don't want that ratbag sneakin' up on me bloodyfuckin' arse.
We're movin'. And I'm just wondering if I shouldn't lighten the load right now.
Say that again.
For what? The honor of goin' back to some asshole of a cell?
You'd cut me loose, Boss?
My recommendation: Do me. Don't take the chance that I'll get shivhappy on your wannabe ass. Ghost me, Riddick. Would if I were you.
Are you fuckin' kidding me?
I'd rather piss glass.
Wanna rag your fat mouth?
I'm willing to take a cut in pay.
<u>Fuck me</u>. You said "clear."
Well, what's it look like now?
Such as.
About how to kill us and still get these cells to the skiff. Goddamnit, we're just doin' the heavy lifting for this prick!
What're you jawjackin' about? Girl's not cut.
Aw, this can't be happening to me....
Ain't all of us gonna make it.
Six of us left. If we could get through that canyon and lose just one, that'd be quite a fucking feat, huh? A good thing, right?
What if you're one of five?
Kept calling it "murder" when I did it.
Sacrifice play. Hack up one body, leave it at start of the canyon. Like a bucket of chum.
Nice embellishment.
So which one caught your eye?
What's her name, anyway?
Then let's not name the Thanksgiving turkey, okay? I assume you still got a shiv.
What's one more to you? Like <u>this</u> is the one that sends you to Hell?
Aw, don't tell me you're growin' scruples.
Like who, Mr. Chrislam?
Anyone else having breathing problems? Aside from me?
Be surprised what these will fetch in the Taurus system. Here. This Wooten here  easy, easy. Very rare.
I'll need a receipt for that. For all these.
Maratha crowbill warpicks from Northern India. Very rare.
Didn't say that. But least this way I don't have to worry about falling asleep and not wakin' up.
Like an emergency liferaft, right?
Not staying in here another....
Oh, so I'm disposable?
All deserts have water, somewhere. God shall lead us there.
I'm bornagain.
The child heard you before any of us could even....
Those suns gotta come back <u>sometime</u>. And if these animals really are phobic about light, we just sit tight till then.
Please...this solves nothing...please....
He's running us 'round in circles. Look for yourself. Look!
Listen to her? <u>Her</u>? When she was willing to sacrifice us all?
Has anyone checked the coring room?
There is no "safe."
Which half?
What're you doin'?
And pointless.
You <u>don't</u> see.
He will be with us. Nonetheless.
Suleiman!
SULEIMAN!
New Mecca....
It's more a place where souls are found, Mr. Riddick.
One of the Christian habits we <u>didn't</u> adopt  perhaps unfortunately. We'll have to wait.
You know who Muhammad was?
"Some prophet guy." And a city man. But he had to travel to the desert  where there was quiet  to hear the words of God.
Chrislam teaches that once in every lifetime should there be a great hajj  a great pilgrimage. To know God, better, yes, but to know yourself as well.
We're all on the same hajj now.
For now.
Quiet, please. Everyone.
Riddick?
And you're certain you can find the way back? Even in the dark?
Imam. Slow down.
Don't stop, just slow down. Little more space 'tween us and them.
Do what I say. Please.
And what about the cells?
Rain.
He's dead. Cap'n's dead. Christ, I was looking right at him when
You hear me? Captain's dead. Owens too.
1550 millibars, dropping 20 MB per minute, shit, we're hemorrhaging air. <u>Somethin'</u> took a swipe at us.
Fry?
You mean that "load" of passengers?
Look, Fry. Company says we're responsible for every one of those
When captain went down, you stepped up  whether you like it or not. Now they train you for this, so
Owens!
It's the atmosphere. Too much pressure, not enough oxygen. Might take a few days to
Somethin' knocked us offlane. Maybe a rogue comet. Maybe we'll never know.
Ask if anyone has anything in cargo! Anything to drink!
What, you're goin' off, too?
Hey.
Hey, me. Over here.
Carolyn Fry. I'd shake hands, but...
Big Evil?
Be my choice. Already escaped once from the maxslam facility on
Only around humans.
Little swampflu from the Conga system. Never shook it with all this cryosleep.
Thought you found his restraints over there. Toward sunset.
What?
Probably makes it worse. Dehydrates you even more.
No, no, I wanted to get away.
Better keep moving....
Hey. You can tell me, Carolyn.
You see anybody else here? Just between you and me.
So now you know.
Didn't bite.
Thought he might be coolin' it in the boneyard  could either doubleback to the ship or slip in behind us. So I left the bottle out as bait.
Shut up.
Like what?
...I don't play that...I don't play that so just try again. C'mon, Riddick, tell me a better lie....
He used that?
So why isn't it all bloody?
I <u>know</u> what happened  he went off on the guy, buried him on the hill somewhere, and now he's trying to
I <u>am</u> sure. Look, murders aside, Riddick belongs in the Asshole Hall of Fame. He loves the jawjackin', loves making you afraid, 'cuz that's all he has. And you're playing right into
Well, don't ask me to.
I don't. But that ground looked none too stable, and I don't want anyone
Hey. Bein' ballsy with your life now doesn't change what came before  it's just stupid.
You said it, not me. Let's just not let one bad call lead to another.
Little rattyass.
Okay, that should buy us a syscheck. But we'll need more cells.
15 6gigs here...90 gigs total...other ship carries 20gig cells, so...five. Five total to launch.
Rag it, Riddick. Nobody wants your theories on
Let's board this up and get the hell gone. They seem to stick to the dark, so if we stick to daylight, should be all
Wha'?
Let's wait on the power cells.
We're not sure <u>when</u> it happens, so let's not
He can pilot?
Okay, maybe that's a <u>good</u> thing. Maybe I can use him to help with
You said we were going to trust him now. You said there was a deal.
Oh, this is a dangerous game you're playing, Johns.
You mean, if he learns that you're gonna royally fuck him over.
You know, he hasn't harmed any of us. Far as I can tell, he hasn't even lied to us. Just stick to the deal, Johns. Let him go if that's what it
Dancin' on razor blades here...
You're not a real cop, are you? Just some mercenary who goes around talkin' about the law like
Never said you were a hype, either.
And here you got two mornings every day. Wow, were you <u>born</u> lucky?
<u>You</u> made it a problem when you let Owens die like that. When you had enough drugs to knock out a fucking muleteam.
Anything <u>else</u> we should know about you, Johns? Christ, here I am lettin' you play games with our lives when
You coulda helped. And you didn't.
'Sokay, 'sokay. I killed it.
We can stick to the plan. If we get four cells back to the skiff, we're off this rock.
Oh, don't use her like that, for a smoke screen.
For your own fear.
How much you weigh, Johns?
How much?
Because you're 79 kilos of gutless white meat, and <u>that's</u> why you can't come up with a better plan.
We're just burnin' light here.
I don't get it, Johns. What is so goddamn valuable in your life that you're worried about losing? Huh? Is there anything at all? Besides your next hype? Got no right to be so scared. Neither one of us.
Riddick. <u>Riddick</u>.
Stay in the light! Everybody! Stay in the fucking
I was wrong. I admit it. My bad, okay? Now let's just go back to the ship.
Are you fucking high again? Just listen to
This does not help us, Johns.
Just shut up, okay?
Would you RAG YOUR STUPID HOLE!
How much you weigh right now, Fry? Huh?
200yearold singlemalt scotch is to "booze" as foie gras is to "duck guts."
It's starting....
Cargo hold, everyone in the cargo hold. lesgo, lesgo, lesgo.
I know what's in here!
Like the light is scalding it.
...one cutting torch...one handlight here, two more in the cabin...I <u>think</u> two more....
How many bottles?
Those umbrellas, the ones that mist. Would they burn? If you got a receipt?
Awright. So maybe we'll have enough light.
We'll have to carry the cells...drag them...whatever it takes.
Can we switch?
I think I twisted my ankle running backwards like that. And I'm not sure I can.... Okay, that's a lie. I just don't want to be alone back there anymore. If you could just give me a few minutes up front here
'Mean the whispers?
The ones tellin' me to go for the sweet spot  just to the left of the spine, fourth lumbar down. The abdominal aorta. What a gusher. Had a cup on his belt, so I used it to catch a little runoff. Metallic taste to it, human blood. Coppery. But if you cut it with peppermint schnapps, that goes away. Course, that's more for winter. Summertime, I take mine straight.
Show me your eyes.
Slam doctor. Well, we called him "doctor."
Fairly fuckin' ironic, wouldn't you say? Slamlight's so dim that you go and get your eyeballs taken out and shined up  then you wind up here. Three asskick suns. Maybe I did do a few people. But not this one. No ma'am, not this time.
Look deeper.
They're coming.
I got the quickandugly version.
Entered our minds.
You scare me, Riddick. That's what you wanna hear, isn't it? There, I admit it, Can I get back to work now?
Well, guess if it was trickeration he'd just do me, huh? Then again...I am worth twice as much alive. Didn't know? Johns ain't a cop. Oh, he's got that shiny badge an' all, but nah  he's just a merc and I'm just a payday. That's why he won't kill me. The creed is greed.
Had it with deals.
Nobody's gonna turn a murderer loose. I fuckin' knew better.
We can, can't we? Trust you?
Where are the sandcat tracks? Why aren't we still following them?
What do you see? Riddick?
Riddick? What the hell are you
Canyon ahead. I circled once to buy some time to think.
What about her?
Back to the ship, huh?
So everybody huddles together till the lights burn out? Until you can't see what's eating you? That the big plan?
One or two.
We're just here to carry your light, aren't we? Just the torchbearers.
As fast as you can.
As fast as you can.
Riddick? How close?
We can't make it.
You're not leaving. Not until we go back for the others.
Think you've mistaken me for somebody who gives a fuck.
Confusin' me with Johns now  fear was <u>his</u> monkey. I only deal in life and death. All that stuff in between? Some shade of grey my eyes don't see.
Truthfully? I wouldn't know how.
Got a better idea. Come with <u>me</u>.
You're fuckin' with me. I know you are.
No, you see, I <u>promised</u> them...I have to...I have to go and....
I can't....I can't....
Don't do this to me....
But they...they could still be....
You'd die for them?
You barely know them.
Liquid oxygen canisters inside. Start ripping them out. Quick hits only  try to make it last.
Bottlecount.
I didn't want you to leave me there... back at the ship...that's why I didn't say anything....
Bring the light!
Leave the sled, let's go, go, go!
Doesn't seem like enough to turn back on, does it?
<u>What</u>?
Okay, it was me. What'd I do now?
Oh, Lord....
You mean...tonight? With all those things still out there?
Don't wanna miss this.
Gonna lose everybody out here....
What? What is it?
You came for us....
Probably okay to talk to me now.
Not sure. I was just runnin' away when this whole thing....
Jesus.
Charles...
Let's settle with Andy and put this whole tragic mess behind us.
Bob. You're trying my patience. Andrew Beckett is making his private life our business. We gave him Kronos. Did he say, "I'm sick. I might not be able to see this through?"
Bob. I must ask you to shut the fuck up. Did Andrew Beckett say "I might not be able to serve our clients to the <u>best of my ability</u>?" He said nothing. And now, Andrew Beckett proposes to haul me into a court of law, to sling accusations at me, in full view of the entire, Philadelphia, judicial establishment. My God.
... keep them from that area, on grounds of relevancy. What, Bob?
Very interesting, Bob. Let's make a note of that. Andy didn't lose the complaint in his computer. He never put it in. He lied about that, too.
If you feel differently, Bob, you should say so, when you're called to the stand. After all, this isn't a conspiracy.
... But now, we're standing up for ourselves...
... It's time to get this society back on track!
Kings are out of fashion. I'd rather be thought of as a benevolent tyrant. It's an antitrust action.
Helloooo...
Dr. J.!
We ought to be suing him.
Holy Shit. Did you, Bob?
Andy, you don't want this.
You have to make a decision: is this guy partner material?
Joseph Miller, Your Honor. Macready and Shilts Legal Services.
I'll take that under consideration, Your Honor.
If it please Your Honor, we <u>hope</u> to settle this matter.
Reinstatement at full salary. Back pay covering the period of unemployment and...
Based on what my client would have earned over the next three years, including benefits and projected raises, and the extraordinary cost of medical care for someone with Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome... We would settle today for the very fair amount of one million five hundred thousand dollars.
In this courtroom, Mr. Miller, justice is blind. To matters of race, creed, color, religion. And sexual orientation.
No. We don't... However, as regards this witness, I'm going to sustain the defense's objection.
You had one guy "like that?"
Your Honor? May I have ten minutes in redirect?
Whoa, whoa... What do you expect them to say, you're Alan Dershowitz?
Anywhere from two weeks, to several months.
Not when I was in the Navy.
Going on... like...?
Yeah. But we took care of him.
We stuck his head in the latrine, after ten of us had used it.
Yes, we did.
<u>She</u> didn't try to conceal it.
I <u>know</u> the difference. That doesn't mean I'm always able to recognize the difference.
I felt, and still feel, nothing but the deepest sympathy and compassion for people like Maria, who have contracted this terrible disease through no fault of their own.
Why didn't you cross at the crosswalk?
Yeah. Do I have a case?
Now that you mention it...
You load the film... ? No, on this side... or this side? Don't move the baby!
You have a problem with gays, Joe.
How many gays do you know?
Lots.
Karen Berman. Aunt Teresa. My cousin Tommy who lives in Rochester. Eddie Meyers from the office. Joe Cantwell, he's one of the partners. His lover, Greg. Stanley, the guy who's putting in our kitchen cabinets.
Duh...
Probably since she was born.
Okay, Joe...
Fine, Joe.
That's perfectly clear.
Don't know, Joe.
Have you changed your aftershave?
Joe?
Two men making love... ? Now tell me again... <u>why</u> is that disgusting?
Okay, so... help me with this one, Joe... Is it disgusting for someone to put his dick into someone's mouth? Or, is it disgusting for someone to take a dick into <u>their</u> mouth?
Did I ever tell you, I hate costume parties?
I'll see you in an hour, max.
Good school. What year?
Great.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa... do you think... ? You think <u>I'm</u>... ... gay?
What's the matter with you? Do I look gay to you?
Relax? I ought to kick your faggoty little ass for you!
Don't you know this is exactly the kind of bullshit that makes people hate you guys?
You're the asshole, buddy.
Andy. Before we begin, I'd just like to say: everyone in this room is your friend.
Let's put it this way, Andy: your place in the future of this firm is no longer secure.
We don't think it's fair to keep you here, where your future is limited. But we wish you luck, Andy, all the luck in the world.
But he's got lots of other people's lives to ruin...
Explain to me, if you can, Mr. Wheeler, explain this to me like I'm a ten yearold. This trial is not about a disease, is that what you're saying? <u>Not</u> about your understandable, if unfounded, fear of catching AIDS through casual contact with someone who has it? You're saying, this trial is about Andrew Beckett's character. Am I getting this right?
Sometimes it seems like society is <u>run</u> by these kinds of people.
People who want to bend the rules...
Wyant Wheeler represented us.
That's correct.
We were satisfied.
That's correct.
I may have said something like that. But that's not how I feel at this moment.
We won.
It satisfied me.
I might.
Since that time I've devoted more thought to the subject, and that's how I feel now.
I'm not worried. What are you doing?
Right.
Yeah, but Doc, isn't it true they keep finding out new things about this disease? So you tell me, today, there's no danger, and I go home, and I hold my baby, and six months from now I hear on the news: "whoops! We were wrong.' You <u>can</u> carry it on your clothes, your skin, and now I've got to worry about my kid. What are you doing?
Why are we going to do that?
You want to give me an AIDS <u>test</u>?!
Right.
Not by touching, or shaking hands, or hugging, using the same toilet... Even kissing someone with AIDS is safe. But it there's something in your past you're worried about...
A homosexual encounter.
Unprotected sex with a prostitute.
Or unprotected sex with someone you didn't know very well, any time during the last twelve years.
Fact. Andrew Beckett performed at a consistently mediocre level. Fact. He made a grievous error on a multimillion dollar lawsuit... Fact. He claims he is the victim of lies and deceit. Fact. Andrew Beckett lied to his employers, going to great efforts to conceal his disease from them. Fact. He was successful in his duplicity. The partners at Wyant Wheeler did <u>not</u> know Andrew Beckett had AIDS when they fired him...
I'll rephrase. Did you have anything to do with this file being... misplaced?
I'll withdraw. You were aware, when you worked with Maria Torres, that she had AIDS, correct?
I'll withdraw it. Mr. Beckett? Were you living with Miguel Alvarez in 1984 or 1985 when you had your anonymous sexual encounter in the porn theater?
Your Honor, if Mr. Beckett was forced by his illness to use a wheelchair, would the defense ask him to park it outside? We're talking about AIDS, we're talking about lesions. Let's <u>see</u> what we're talking about.
Is that a question?
Yes.
Well... One time, Mr. Wheeler's secretary, Lydia, told me Mr. Wheeler had a problem with my earrings.
Apparently, Mr. Wheeler felt they were too... "ethnic" is the word she used. She said he would like it if I wore something smaller, less garish, and... more "American."
I said my earrings <u>are</u> American. They're AfricanAmerican.
He was losing weight. He looked kind of tired sometimes. But he was working so hard... Still, I felt something was wrong. And I can't believe <u>they're</u> saying they didn't notice anything.
Miss Burton? Do you still work at Wyant Wheeler?
Were you recently promoted?
Thank you.
Hi, Mom. It's me.
I'm fine.
Hold on, Mom. There's no way my client will go along with that.
Are you on one of those conference calls? I hate when you put me on hold.
Ancient. How do you think I feel? Put that thing down and give me a hug. Andrew, stop! ... He still doesn't listen.
He's out in his shed showing your uncle his new riding mower.
All I know is, you got through your diagnosis fine, like a trooper. But when they fired you... you were so devastated, Andy... I don't expect any of my kids to sit in the back of the bus. Fight for your rights.
You said earlier you aspired to be the kind of person who had "an adventurous spirit." Is that correct?
Do you take risks?
In general. Do you take risks in other areas of your life?
Have you ever been to the Apollo Cinema on Sansom Street?
Gay movies.
Yes.
Yes.
I guess it was 1984, 85.
It's impossible to know exactly when or how I was infected with HIV.
That happened once. People weren't talking about AIDS then, the way we are now. Or safe sex.
I'd heard of <u>something</u>. The gay plague, gay cancer, but... we didn't know how you could get it, or that it could kill you.
No.
That is <u>not</u> correct. I never lied about it.
No.
Some do. I didn't.
In some situations.
Yes.
Miguel has not been infected. As I said, we weren't aware of AIDS, then, or how it is spread.
Yes.
That's right.
Absolutely.
One. Here, in front of my ear.
Answer the question, please.
Thank you.
I'm late, I have to pick up Amy from her afterschool but I want to talk to you about that Hansen thing.
I thought I was supposed to be covering for you. God, Andy, you look awful.
What can I do?
Your Honor, since Rockwell Corp. began construction, the surrounding residential neighborhood has been enshrouded in a cloud of foulsmelling, germcarrying, pestilent dust. My client is being forced to breathe known carcinogens daily! Other residents are coming forth on a daily basis to add their voices of outrage!
Innocuous?
I know what it means. Your Honor, imagine how the children in this neighborhood have been made to feel. The pounding of construction ringing in their ears as this skyscraper, a tribute to mankind's greed, grows daily, casting an ominous shadow over their lives, filling them with dread even as they are surrounded in a black, toxic fog, blocking out the sun while poisoning their lungs! And Counselor calls it harmless?!
Funny.
I have AIDS.
It's okay. Can I sit down?
New baby?
Congratulations.
Kids are great.
I was fired by Wyant Wheeler. I plan to bring a wrongful termination suit against Charles Wheeler and his partners.
Correct. I'm seeking representation.
I misplaced an important complaint. That's their story. Want to hear mine?
Nine.
I was diagnosed with AIDS eight months ago. During a bout of pneumonia. I recovered quickly and was back at work in ten days. Since I was doing so well on the AZT, we decided against telling anyone about it.
My lover and I.
Miguel Alvarez. We've lived together for nine years.
I dove back into work, everything was fine. Until the lesions started...
Makeup.
Charles, I must apologize again, for the Kronos mishap. It was a scary few minutes around here. Wow. But thank God, the complaint was found. And no damage was done.
As in, the vegetable?
Okay, okay... They discover you have this horrible, disgusting, terminal illness, and they panic, for any number of perfectly valid reasons. They're frightened for themselves, their families... Maybe it's the homo angle. Maybe they don't want to rub elbows with someone who's just popped out of the closet with a terminal case of acne. And how do they explain your status to the client for Chrissake?
Okay... They want you out. It's against the law to fire you for having AIDS, so they make you look like a fuck up. Which leads us to the mysterious, lost file.
I knew you were going to say that. I don't buy it, and I don't see a case.
Correct. I don't.
Beckett? I'm sorry about... what's happened to you. It's a fucking kick in the head.
Oh, Beckett. How's it goin'?
Who'd you get?
Find a lawyer?
Huh? Oh. Great. She's great.
Rayisha.
How did they find out?
The partner who spotted the lesion, Walter Kenton, used to work for Benton, Myers, in D.C. There's a paralegal there, Maria Torres. She's had lesions on and off for three years. She says it was common knowledge around the office that her lesions were caused by AIDS.
No. They didn't fire her.
Thank you.
Arline decision. Supreme Court.
One more thing, Your Honor...
PARRTYY!
It's me, you dork.
I had a blood transfusion today. I feel great.
Not bad.
Let's find you a drink.
Beer. We need to go over your Q and A.
Sure. It's fine.
Thank you.
Correct.
You survived your first gay party intact.
Thank you for sharing that with me, Joe.
When you refer to Wheeler, call him Charles, to show how you'd been admitted to the inner circle, you were considered one of them.
Beckett?
What?
Then we establish how Wheeler's boys recruited you after law school...
For a healthy baby. For Lisa to make it through the delivery. For the Phillies to get into the playoffs.
I've considered that.
We proceed, representing your estate.
I know a good probate lawyer.
Opera?
Opera?
You're ready, don't worry.
What impressed you about him?
What kind of person is that?
Obviously, at this time, you weren't sick.
You didn't look then, the way you look now?
I suppose you could say that.
I still am.
No. I didn't.
You don't bring your personal life into a law firm. You're not supposed to <u>have</u> a personal life, really. Anyway, I did plan to tell Charles, eventually. But then, this thing happened at the tennis club...
I'm an excellent lawyer.
I love the law. I know the law. I excel at practicing it. It's the only thing I've ever wanted to do.
Well... many things. But I think the thing I love the most, is that every once in a while, not that often, but occasionally... you get to be part of justice being done. It's really quite a thrill when that happens.
Yes. On my torso.
Can you see the lesions on your chest in this mirror?
Thank you.
What?
Excellent work, Joe. I thank you.
I better get home. Lisa and I are having some friends over.
Thanks for coming by.
Mr. Beckett, I'm sorry...
We're waiting...
Sounds delightful.
Dr. Klenstein. It's not a pleasant procedure, but if the KS is causing the diarrhea, we ought to know right away.
He's upset, he's sorry.
Bearing in mind that Bill Wright, the chairman of MacroSystems, is a close, personal friend of mine... which side of this mess would <u>you</u> desire to be on, Andy? And don't allow my very tight, personal relationship with Bill to influence your answer in any way.
No sweat, buddy.
Of course.
More than your friend. Family.
Honesty is always best.
If you'd lost confidence in me, why did you give me the Kronos suit?
A carrot?!
Don't do this, Andy.
I'm seeing him this afternoon.
Yeah. Thanks, guys.
I said, don't worry about it.
So what? It's nothing to be ashamed of. You have nothing to be ashamed of, okay?
A reaction to AZT...
He's not sorry, okay, fine. Why don't we see what we find out from the blood work? I'll work on getting a specimen, I'm sure hospital food could help in that direction. Maybe, by then, we'll hear from my doctor, and we'll go from there. Okay? Everybody happy?
I am relaxed.
You're not going to like this. Please try to smile...
You're going to the office?!
You're leaving the hospital? You're going into the office looking like that? Are you insane?
Drew!
Jerk... What did you say?
You got that right, Mikey... You still believe that, don't you?
Hold still. Shit. The goddamn vein's clotted. We have to go the goddamn hospital, so they can change the goddamn catheter.
We're not skipping this treatment.
Fuck you.
That shit's saving your life, you asshole!
Close the law book.
CLOSE THE FUCKING LAW BOOK!
The least you can do is look at me, while I'm sticking this shit into your arm. Forget the fucking case, one hour a day, and give me a little of your time.
That's not what I said.
No.
Maybe you should think about it.
Maybe you should think about it.
That's right. We're on the Positive Plan. You don't have a Fatal Disease, you have Manageable Illness.
Then, what <u>are</u> we, Drew?! The <u>winners</u>? "Ladies and gentlemen, the first prize of AIDS goes to Andrew Beckett and his lover Miguel..." Excuse me, I'm not your lover. I'm your Care Partner. FUCK!
Do you think I'm ready for it?! I hate this shit. I'm not a fucking martyr! I hate every goddamn part of it!
Ready for what, baby?
I hope you're ready for "Studs," because that's what's on.
Because they deserve to, Walter.
What's that on your forehead, pal?
You're right, I probably just misfiled...
This time. What about next time?
Perhaps... you're right. I've certainly been busy. With the Kronos complaint, a preliminary injunction hearing and the Saunders trial all falling at the same time...
Really? Who thinks that, sir?
Oh, you're right, Beckett, you don't have an attitude problem.
In a word, Bob...
If MacroSystems wins, an energetic, young company will be destroyed, five thousand Americans will be out of work. Moreover, the laws of copyright and antitrust were enacted to prevent exactly the kind of bullshit Macrosystems is trying to pull.
Bailey, Brackman.
You'll have to get right on it, Andy, we're up against the statute of limitations.
I don't know what to do, Bob.
What in God's name... ?
What's wrong with your face?
Allright. Calm down.
What was the file name?
Maybe you mistyped the name when you were saving it. We'll try combinations of those letters...
Yes, Bob, I do. Excuse me? Am I being fired?
Right here, Mom...
Couple minutes. I saw the last shot. That was pretty cool.
Good. He said he'd be over for dinner at eight... I mean... he misses you, Mom...
I know, Mom.
Mom...
What's his name?
I've never seen anybody punch Clyde before.
Sorry about your mom. I couldn't handle not having my mom around. Just having Gus...
You shouldn't ever say that about your parents, not even your Dad.
What was all that stuff about dead people coming back to life?
Is this a good spot?
Why not?
This is it... I wasn't sure if it even really existed.
The old Indian burial ground.
What if it's not bullshit? If I bury Zowie there, and it works... ...he'll come back alive.
Look, if there was even one chance in a million it'd work, wouldn't you want to try?
You have to bury your own. That's the way the Indians did it. It's like a rule...
You never get over it.
Yeah...
He was dead. You know he was.
You think he'd believe it if he did?
Maybe it takes a while...
What do you mean?
What was that all about? You think he's trying to scare us?
Do you think everyone that came back would be like Gus?
Dies?
Go later...
All the time.
Is he gonna be okay?
Just until he heals up?
Hey, I'm so sorry I'm not the stud that you are.
I'm not trying to prove anything. I was burying my dog.
Say your goodbyes. Zowie's going outside. You're grounded, buddy. That's the new law.
It's been a few years.
Nothing. I just got spooked by a bunch of furballs.
Sure.
I'll be fine, Dad.
It sucked.
You alright?
Your Mom and I loved each other, Geoff. Don't ever think that we didn't.
Who was that?
Hey! Where're you off to?
Just out.
I'm really tired, Dad... can I just go to sleep?
I'm not hungry.
I can bring her back. The same way Drew and me brought Zowie back...
He did. We buried him. There's a place out in the woods... if you bury something there, it comes back alive.
All set.
Anywhere but here.
Uh... no. You just... look different than you sounded on the phone. Please, come in.
Well we're glad to have you, Marjorie. You can call me Chase, by the way.
He's probably going up to the Pet Sematary. Kids've been going out there on Halloween night for years.
Oh, you know... drink beer, tell ghost stories. They try and spook each other out, talking about zombies and things... It's no big deal, Chase. I did it when I was young.
I had a little runin with Zowie.
I hope he doesn't have rabies.
What?
Wait, there must be some mixup. He was... the dog is alive.
You took over for Doctor Yolander?
Because the last person that sent me blood from a dead animal was Yolander...
Pretty much so.
I wanted to get Geoff out of L.A. Just start things over, you know?
I suppose so.
There are three more girls where that one came from looking for homes.
Drew, he's your dog. Are you listening to this?
How'd you know that?
God damn it Gus, you dug up my wife! What the fuck is going on around here?!
I... um...
The Creed cat, that's right. Bastard's name was "Church". Let me guess. Your dog's tissue isn't healing, pupils aren't dilating... maybe you can't find a heartbeat?
You want some advice, friend? You get in your car, you pick up your family... and you get the hell out of that town.
Believe what you saw, Matthews. The dog was dead.
Are you Peggy Sue Kelcher?
You look exactly the same.
Hello. Nice to meet you. Please call me Peggy. I'm Peggy Bodell now.
He's not here. We're getting divorced.
The only time people like Dolores used to pay any attention to me was to laugh at me or insult me. That guy, Doug Snell, who shook my hand when we walked in, he used to call me a foureyed worm.
You were always friendly to me. I appreciated that. You know, this used to be a fantasy of mine.
Dancing with you.
I guess part of us never really leaves high school.
Congratulations on the math contest, Richard.
I have to talk to you. It's very important.
It's not that. Can we meet after school? Please?
What a great kite.
I want to ask you a question. Do you think...time travel is possible?
Sort of.
And then, there's Richard's Burrito.
That's my own theory based on a Mexican food called the burrito. I had it once when my parents took me to Disneyland.
Well, I think time is like a burrito. Sometimes it just folds over on itself and one part touches the other.
You can till it with whatever you want. From illusions to memory, from experience to innocence, from happiness to the entire universes
Absolutely. People, dogs, elephants.
Okay. I promise.
You probably are crazy. Wait a minute. Is this some kind of joke? I know what you all, think of me.
How, did you know about my grandfather?
Holy Toledo! That's six years ahead of schedule!
I don't know.
That's why I was getting a divorce.. What I really think is that I had a heart attack at the reunion and died.
Come on, Richard, I'm serious.
Am I dead or not?
What're you doing?
Okay, you're not dead, but according to every law of science what you say happened to you is impossible.
You're a molecule in chaos, a discontinuent aberration. Maybe you've just got powers of precognition. Well, maybe you're just out of whack.
All right, I'll work on it, I'll, do some research. But in the meantime, don't get crazy.
What if you're not here tomorrow?
I'm just not the type. Besides, I want to get out of here.
I tried to tell them, but they wouldn't listen to me.
Richard, take it easy.
How come you never ask me any important questions? Don't you wonder if there's going to be a nuclear war? Or a cure for cancer? What about your family? What about people?
Give me some credit, will you?
Wbat're you talking about?
Sixtyforty.
When do we start?
Come on. You can't be serious.
Are you talking ~about exercise? Like gym?
You don't have to use pig Latin! Nobody could possibly know what we're talking about.
Oh. And huge portable radios. Everything else gets small, but for some reason, portable radios get enormous.
What are you talking about?
High tech. I like the sound of that.
What are you doing?
That's what you were talking about yesterday? Everybody does that in the future?
That's terrific. You did it. You really changed the course of your destiny.
Cheer up. Now you can give some other guy a shot. Make it up to him later and buy him a yacht.
Look, the best scientific mind in this country is working on your case. May I make a suggestion?
Suggestion! Hypnotic suggestion! Why didn't I think o~ that before?
Everything. This is perfect. The subconscious mind remembers all. You can give me more information on microchips and then pinpoint what happened at the reunion. Maybe that'll give us a clue on how to get you back.
No offense, but you're pretty out of it now.
Peggy Sue Kelcher. Or, Peggy Bodell. I'm not sure.
Ah..... they're very tiny... they look like a fingernail made out of an erector set...
I think it's called silicon. Charlie told me that.
We were lying in the sand. It was my eighteenth birthday... We were so awkward... I would have married him anyway...
No. The Pill will change all that. Then he wouldn't have blamed me. We were just too young.
No. The Pill will be for birth control. But girls do like sex. Maybe not the first time.
Yes, every day. Maybe I shouldn't have worn that dress? I told Beth it was a bad idea. That's why they made me Queen.
I couldn't help it I loved him.
Richard! You should be ashamed of yourself.
That's just perfect isn't it? Did it work? Did you find out why I came back?
God dammit! How'm I gonna got out of here?
Oh, go feel up your hamsters! I hear rodents put out.
It's all, gone wrong, nothing's working out.
You were meant to. You're one of those fortunate people that good things happen to. I have to get out of here.
Goodbye? Where're you going? What about our partnership? I'm making real progress with the microchip.
So are you. You've got a vision.
Did you break up with Charlie?
Okay. Why don't we do something visionary. Change your destiny, Peggy Sue. Change your destiny and marry me.
Wait! I'll go with you!
I remember that dress.
I remember when you got that locket, too. You were so excited I think you showed it to the whole school.
What's up?
Don't be silly, I'm the best in the county.
I spend three hours a day practicing. I have trainers, I know what I'm doing.
Not to me they don't. I'm going to win the State, then the. Nationals, and then I'm going to the Olympics.
You're sick. You should go to the nurse. I'm going to tell Miss Dennis.
I'm just happy to see you.
I'm sorry about that. I really want us to be closer. I have enough unresolved relationships in my... life.
Let's do something together.. Do you want to play Monopoly? Or Careers... Clue... Snakes and Ladders?
It's unbelievable. The man never ages.
Don't eat the red ones.
They're bad for you. They cause...red lips.
You know, you two are wonderful parents. I'm really going to try to behave myself.
Can I tell Diane that Peggy Sue got drunk or is that a deep family secret? Well?
Of course, he'll love it. You're a terrific artist.
The nurse called and said you'd be coming home.
How do you feel?
Why don't you go lie down for a while.
Chanel Number Five. That always reminds me of home.
I'm home now.
Oh Mom, I forgot you were ever so young.
Oh. I forgot.
I'm still here, aren't I? I may as well enjoy myself. I'm going to go to school today. Dad, I want to apologize for yesterday. The car is a classic. Use it in the best of health.
Oh. Ah...recently. All the kids drink it.
What's the matter? Did you two have a fight?.
What about?
Who was that man?
It was great to see everybody again. But it's so boring and regimented. Most of what they teach is useless. The worst thing was lunch.
Sure, Mom. Hello.
It's Grandma. I can't talk to her now. I'm sorry, Grandma.
I had a dream that Grandma died.
She did? I love her so much, and I haven't seen her in such a long time. And Grandpa Barney. Is he all, right?
I'm sorry, Mom. I'll call Grandma back and apologize.
I'm confused about a lot of things right now. Charlie's only one of them.
What do you mean?
Charlie's downstairs. Why aren't you ready?
Maddy's party.
You accepted an invitation, Maddy's one of your best friends, and I baked the Rice Krispie squares.
I went for a drive. Up in the hills.
Way to go, Mom!
Instead of a girdle. And light as a feather.
We've got to move fast. This is an idea whose time has come.
Mom, how about a machine that's like your blender, only it slices vegetables, kneads dough, chops meat and even make fresh pasta?
What does Charlie think about that?
What? When did it happen? Your dad and I always expected you two to get married.
Sheerotards. Catchy name, isn't it? Like leotards.
Jack, take it easy. She gave blood at school today. Maybe she's just a little lightheaded.
A new car. We can't afford a new car.
You have four seasons, you have four slumps.
Please don't shout.
I want everybody to hear because I don't have anything to be ashamed of.
We'll make it, we'll be fine.
Mr. Fitzsimmons is a very prominent man.
Just a little. I've had a tough day.
Grounded? Ha! The story of my life. I don't wanna go to my room. I wanna import Japanese cars. I wanna go to Liverpool and discover the Beatles.
Evelyn, put her to bed.
That would be impossible.
Mom, is there any coffee left?
I think I'm way ahead of them.
It's not Charlie. It's me.
At my age? Don't be silly.
Dad.. it's not a big deal. Didn't you ever stay out all night when you were young?
Calm down. Just listen for a minute.. Please.
I want to help with the family finances. I want you to buy some stocks. And gold. By 1980 gold is going to be worth eight hundred dollars an ounce. Then you sell.
I think they're going to deregulate it.
Oh boy, that's another thing that's going to change. Who's going to think for us? Our husbands? You know, you treat Mom like a maid. It's not entirely your fault. Those were the attitudes in the fifties, and that's the way you raised me. But give Nancy a break, encourage her to go to art school.
Listen Dad, please. Buy IBM, buy Polaroid, buy Apple Computer. No, no. Not yet. Buy Xerox!
Hi, Dad.
For me?
I closed my Christmas club.
I wanted to apologize for this morning.
Quiet today?
The hat business is in trouble.
Yes.
But when John F. Kennedy's elected President, men'1l stop wearing hats.
He'll win.
Ta da! Pantyhose! The death of the garter belt! Of course, once they're manufactured they'll look better than this. What do you think?
That's all well and good, but we don't have the money to manufacture them.
You mean to tell me that you invited this Mr. Fitzsimmons over to talk about investing his money in your cockamamie idea?
How did it go with the pantyhose?
Oh no!
Oh, you're both so naive.
I was impressed with what you said in English class today.
You don't?
Maybe you're confusing his life with his work.
The young man leaned back in his chair. No bulls would die today.
Coffee and a donut.
Hey, man, I'm a hip chick.
Yeah. I'm surprised. It's really old... Travels well though. You know, the world looks a lot better from up here.
What are you shooting for?
Don't you get along with your parents?
They care about you. They're just a different generation.
I already did that. I want to be a dancer, I want to dance.
Is that one of your poems?
I'd love to.
That was quite an evening. Bourgeois, phony, decadent, stupid.
Five more weeks of school. And ten minutes past graduation I'm gone. To freedom.
Now listen, this is the plan. As soon as school is finished we go to Utah and...
Rita. I met her last summer. She's cool. You'll really dig her. She's got this great little cabin in the hills, just outside of Provo where she raises chickens. I'll write and the two of you can take care of the chickens to support us.
Why not? Polygamy's legal in Utah.
But what about the other night? We were like two stars in the same constellation.
But we had heat baby. Passion! Fire! We owe it to ourselves to fuse together. At least one more time.
You think so?
I can dig that. Bittersweet perfection. Dogs of lust on leashes of memory... yeah.
What a treat.
Peggy Sue's still stuck on treble without a cause.
Can we split now?
What?
It was Beth's idea.
Beth's boyfriend is playing in the band.
Don't get your hopes up.
How come we're your best friends and we had to find out about you and Michael Fitzsimmons from Dolores?
Yeah. He's so cool and mysterious.
Cool it kids. He's free to see other girls, if he wants.
I'm not going to marry him. I just went out with him once. I know! Why don't we go to the movies tonight. Just us girls. It'll be fun.
That's a day's work. But if that's what you want, maybe we can do it tomorrow for your birthday.
I wish she hadn't.
If you believe it, darling, then I believe. Being young can be just as confusing as being old. The things that happened to me fifty years ago are more on my mind than what happened yesterday.
Right now you're just browsing through time. Choose the things you'll be proud of. The things that Last.
It was my idea, Grandma. I always wondered what went on at those lodge meetings.
Hey Terry, what is that? Did Peggy make it up? I've never seen that on Bandstand.
Terry, slow down.
Terry! Slow down.
There's Peggy with Michael Fitzsimmons.
First a nerd and then a weirdo. What a bunch of nose pickers. I'll tell Charlie.
Test?
First of all, Richard is not a creep. He happens to be an exceptional person. If any of you gave him half a chance, you'd find that out.
Dolores, can't you be a little kinder to people? You don't even know the boy. If you weren't so neurotic and insecure, maybe you'd shut up for a while and show some compassion.
Touchy, touchy!
Oh! You did that on purpose! I hate you. Go gargle with razor blades!
Take a long walk on a short pier.
Hello, Charlie.
Fine, thanks. Come on in. I want to talk to you.
She seems confused, irresponsible, overemotional. My wife says that's the way girls act sometimes.
Charles, in spite of your adolescent infatuation with music, we've always regarded you a a fine young man. We've trusted you with our daughter.
We think this party might cheer her up. Just make sure you know what's expected of you.
Show her a good time, but for God's sake restrain yourself.
And we're here on the couch...
We're here on the sofa bed...
...to record how much we love each other. Sitting beside me is the cutest majorette in the history of the world. And she would Like to say something.
I can't. I'm too embarrassed.
Yeah. Come on Charlie, turn it off.
There's something pathetic parked in front of my house.
I'm still waiting for the mortgage check.
Well, today's Saturday and it's still not here.
You got a Tab?
You don't want them? They're going to make a big comeback any minute. Mark my words, these lamps are going to...
I'll think of a way to sell, them. One day.
I'm not going.
Charlie! Am I dead?
How do you feel?
Not now, Charlie. I've got a headache. Get used to the word. Roll it around your tongue for a years.
You drive like a maniac!
Not that I'm glad you were sick, but I had a chance to do some thinking last night.
You know. About what we said on Tuesday. It makes a lot of sense.
How could you forget? We talk about seeing other people and you forget?
I can understand that.. But please don't start crying again.
Why wait?
They'll learn to live with it.
Would you?
Looking good out there.
I noticed you were giving me the silent treatment at lunch. I guess I deserved it. I've been thinking about my three year plan and I think it's unworkable. I must have been delirious.
In the abstract maybe. Get a grip on yourself! But when I imagine you going out with other guys, I feel... ah...
Yeah. Like that.
Where did you get that sweater?
It's really Fifties. You sort of clash with the world.
Right. I promised my mother.
Charlie, how are you?
Seriously. What's it like to be eighteen?
Is he gonna help you with that physics stuff?
Hey! Who needs physics when we've got chemistry?
There isn't a girl in school that can hold a candle to you..
Yeah I know. But I don't have to flatter you. It just feels right. You're the perfect girl for me. As in is, was and always will be. I'm glad dancing was invented. You know the first dances were rituals. Like fertility rites.
Your eyes look like silver pools of moonlight. And the tide rushes in.
You know I do. I even wrote you into my will.
What?! You mean sex?! Intercourse? You want to have intercourse! Last weekend you said... What time is it?
But you're the one who wanted to wait till we got married. And you were right. We should wait.
Who?
You mean my wang? Listen, it's running real late.
You're damn right! Jesus! Peggy! You sure know how to spoil a mood.
Save it.
Nothing.. Selling is selling.
Forget it. I've been thinking. Girls must go through that stuff too. Sometimes when I look at you I feel like an animal. Maybe my dad's right. Teenagers are nuts.
Yeah, I know. Girls mature faster than guys. But last night, I was the one who put on the brakes. And you know why?
Because nothing else matters. That's the great thing about love. Every time we argue, every time something goes wrong, and I know that I'm not perfect either, things just work out better in the end. Cause you're my baby and I love you.
Don't be cruel to a heart that's true.
I have to talk to you..
Let's go down to the basement.
I bumped into him after you dropped me off Last night. I didn't feel like going home, so we went for a ride.
You know I never could stand your sarcasm.
And why do you always refer to yourself in the third person, like Napoleon? How come it always turns into an argument with you?
Charlie,. I've been trying to postpone this. But what's the point? It's over. I don't want to hurt you. This is very hard for me. I'm doing this for both of us. I really want you to be happy.
That won't make any difference. We just can't live together. And you had the nerve to drive up with that bimbo Janet.
I just can't trust you anymore.
That's just it. You can always get to me. There's this window in my heart and every time I leave it open, you climb in. Unless I close it now, nothing's ever going to be different!
Everything. I have a good head for business, I should be franchising the bakery. And I want you to give me your word that whatever happens, you'll go to college. And finish.
I'm trying to save you years of frustration... waiting for a big break... no. Waiting for that big disappointment so you could blame it all on me.
What're you doing here?
Rusty's dead. That's Ajax
Sorry, the Blue Thunder's out of commission for a while.
How'd you know about that?
Not terrific enough. What were you doing in that part of town? Who were you with?
Hey. I guess there's a lot of things we don't know about each other.
That's real big of you.
You're kidding. You wrote a song? Is it about a guilty girl and a trusting guy... she wants to hurt him, and he wonders why?
Fat chance. You know, Lee Wilkins came to hear me last night. He told me to forget it. You told me to forget it. My parents tell me to forget it.
If you took the trouble to write it, then sure, I'll take a look at it. But I'm beginning to think that maybe there's more to life than music. I wonder if people would still like me if I stopped being Mr. Excitement?
It means I care about you and what happens to you.
Forget it, it'll never work.
What the hell did you do that for? What are you doing here?
Don't be ridiculous! They're just a bunch of harmless old men. My grandfather was in there.
Let me got! Where are you taking me?
Look. I wanna tell you. I forgive you for everything. I know what you've been going through. You're just scared. I was scared, too, but I'm not anymore.
What do you mean you and my father decided? Who the hell are you to plan my life? Let's get married and live happily ever after. Bullshit. I got knocked up. I had to marry you. I never had a choice.
You betrayed me, Charlie. You were never there for me or the children. And now you come and tell me, "Peggy, you're scared." Of course I'm scared. If you knew what I knew you'd be scared shitless.
I might be crazy, but I'm not crazy enough to marry you twice. There's a lot of things I can't change. I can't even think about them. I tried. But I couldn't even help Rosalie. I don't want to be bitter. I'm a naturally optimistic person. But you took advantage of that.
Of course.
It opens, too. Look inside.
I know.
Do you think anybody in the Fifties ever made love on a bed?
Peggy! Where're you going? Come back!
But I love you. I'll love you forever.
Come back to me.
. Peggy Sue, I love you, and I need you Peggy Sue...
I thought you were...for a while.
But happy. Very happy, Peggy Sue.
I wanted to apologize. I can't live without you.
That's over. I got tired of translating everything. She thought the Big Hopper was a hamburger.
I'll just set it right here.
Oh, God, Dion.
I'll never give up.
I loved you since the day I met you, and I haven't stopped.
Listen, I don't expect all the troubles between us can just vanish away. But I would do what I can...
Michael Fitzsimmons! Is he here?
Why do guys do such stupid things?
Maybe they'll be the next Dion and the Belmonts.
That's disgusting!
Peggy Sue!
Don't be silly. It's Saturday. Date night!
Carol!
1 just did it for the reunion. I thought it would be fun.
Welcome to the singles scene.
You just have to remember... men are like houses and trade upwards... I thought you had a pretty good marriage.
So he started having affairs, and you got depressed.
It's not the place. I don't buy that. Trapped in the same town forever. The price she would pay for her teenage lust.
Oh, it's not so bad. I have two wonderful kids, my own business. Still, knowing what I know now, if I had the chance to do it all over again, I'd sure do things a lot differently.
Hi, Peggy. God, that Walter Getz can still dance.
Who knows. Remember... Whatever Walter wants...
Well, besides Charlie, of course.
I can't. It's all too much.
Where is it?
Maddy, what did you do to your hair?
That's okay. I'm sure I'll remember the way.
Yes. Let's stay in touch.
That's because you' re not a total moron like they are.
Yeah. You're so lucky. He really loves you, too. He's always telling Walter how wonderful you are.
All right. What's the scoop?
Did you memorize the whole book or only the good parts?
You're kidding...? Carol, you have beautiful hair.
I bet Dolores told Charlie.
Okay. But let's have a girls night soon. Maybe a pajama party.
What's the matter?
What happened?
Welcome to the singles' scene.
Look, Carol, maybe Walter's done you a big favor. You always said you wanted to get out of town. Go for it. And be happy, goddamnit, I'm rooting for you.
This is my old friend Carol.. I told you about her.
How do you like my hair?
But I want you and Scott to understand. Do you think he loves Janet? Maybe he's smashed too many fortune cookies.
Then we'd both have a miserable time. What do you think?
Borrow?! This was my dress. Maybe it's a mistake. What if I'm the only one? I don't even want to go. Everybody's just going to say... Hi.. Where's Crazy Charlie?
Not from the guy with the lowest prices in town.
Why are you so nervous? What is the matter with you today?
Do you believe in all of that?
I remember that book! Grandpa, Grandma, I want to tell you something.
That never changes. You know, when you and Grandma are gone, the family's gone. I never see the cousins anymore.
Grandpa, if you had a chance to do it all again, what would you do?
Let's go.
What does Grandma think you do at your meetings?
I may be an old fool, but I think we can help you.
The last one was six hundred years ago. It's about time for another one.
It wouldn't be a lodge without hats.
Peggy Sue!
I've already got some in. I was thinking of making a pie for dinner tonight. How would you like that?
I'm not telling.
What's Peggy Sue going to do at your lodge meeting?
So you join us, Admiral. Some of us thought your education at an American university would make you too weak to fight the Americans.
The time has come to strike! Or to sit and let the Americans cut off our oil and our future. I know what you whisper to the others, Yamamoto  that the Americans are strong. Yet look at their leader.
The Council knows I have opposed fighting the Americans. No matter how great our resolve, they have resources beyond ours. If we must go to war, there is only one way  deal them a blow from which it will take them years to recover. In that time we can conquer all of the Pacific, and they will have no choice but to ask for peace.
The Americans themselves have made it possible. We will annihilate them in a single attack  at Pearl Harbor.
The struts are loose, the hydraulics are leaking, and the electrical system's shorting out in the cockpit.
All of 'em.
And if you don't give me a plane that can handle combat, you better start learning to speak German.
Learn English, then!
I have'na been able ta
What if the Japanese did invade?
We have bombed Tokyo, Mr. President. Radio Tokyo interrupted it's own broadcast to make the announcement.
There've been some complications, Sir. The Chinese didn't receive our request for homing beacons until is was too late to get them set. And the planes had to take off so early they may lack fuel to make the mainland anyway.
The Chinese are sending out search parties to try to find the crews before the Jap patrols do, if any of the planes make it.
Uncharged torpedoes have different balance.
Everything real except the fact that no one is shooting back at us.
Set up teams of radio operators to send out messages the Americans will intercept, concerning every potential American target in the Pacific. Include Hawaii  the clutter will be more confusing that way.
A brilliant man would find a way not to fight a war.
We have a fighter screen up, in case we are attacked, Admiral.
We have achieved complete surprise! The first wave is returning, the second is attacking now, and we have lost only a few planes. We can launch a third wave, Admiral.
If we launch the third wave and annihilate their fuel depots, we destroy their ability to operate in the Pacific for at least a year!
Hello, Lieutenant. Good to see you.
Oh, this is Betty.
Danny's not coming?
I was hoping to meet him.
The only reason it's hard to say is that I keep thinking I don't have the right to say it. But I've got to because it's true. I love you. That must surprise you.
There's one thing I have to say. I'm going away.
I'm going to the war. The real war. Hitler's taken Europe. The Brits are hanging on by their fingernails, and If they lose, there'll be more people killed than anybody can imagine. And not just there, but here.
Colonel Doolittle pulled the strings, and put me on loan to the R.A.F. They need pilots, and we need experience. I leave tomorrow.
I had to tell you in person. Because there's something else I need to say.
I don't know if you can choose that, Rafe.
Do one thing for me, before you go.
Why were you sitting here, instead of...
How did you?...
I called my folks, then Colonel Doolittle. The Colonel sent a man to pick me up. They wanted to debrief me. I told the Colonel I needed to see somebody first, and he had a supply flight heading out in an hour. I've done a lot of talking. You haven't said anything.
Nothing that won't heal. I guess.
I'm so sorry for what you must've gone through, but I'm back.
It's not your fault, Rafe. The letter I wrote you, they
It's not that I didn't mean everything I wrote. It's just that  I thought you were dead. And now
There's nothing you can do here, they'll die or they won't, we just
I need to tell you something. I didn't know what it was to lose somebody, to see death and find how much it scares you. That you haven't lived and loved enough. I didn't understand. Forgive me.
Of course I forgive you. I know what you feel for Danny is real. And your choice is your choice.
What?...
It must of been a convincing letter.
'Scuse me, 'Mam. All the ship's doctors is golfing, and I couldn't find nobody to look at this.
Sorry to trouble you.
How'd you get this?
Win?
What's your name?
I'm Evelyn. And I'm just a nurse. But I'm not playing golf, and that cut needs sewing, or else it's gonna make a big lumpy scar. Whatta ya say?
Every other Sunday. I'm heavyweight champion of the West Virginia.
Respect.
Tell me something, Dorie. A man as big as you  and smart too, you knew where to come when your ship couldn't help  do you still have to fight with your fists to get respect?
You take care, Dorie.
There are some people who think the outside loop is reckless and irresponsible.
Don't get smart with me, son.
That's bullshit, son. But it's really good bullshit.
Good luck over there McCawley. I admire your decision.
I heard what you did.
Explain what?
You're just about the only pilots in the Army with actual combat experience, so you're volunteering for a mission I've been ordered to put together. Do you know what top secret is?
Top secret means you help me pick the other pilots, train, and go  without knowing where you're going until it's too late.
Bombers.
I thought I'd made it clear, I'm not just putting this mission together  I'm leading it myself.
Listen you guys. I'm the first plane  then McCawley, Walker, the rest of you. I'll have the shortest run. If I don't make it, you don't go.
I know.
The navy will get us to within 400 miles of the Japanese coast. We'll launch off the carriers from there.
We won't have the fuel to get back to the carriers; they'll turn and run back to Hawaii the minute we're airborne.
I have a phrase I want you all to memorize: "Lushu hoo megwa fugi." It means "I am an American." In Chinese.
I ddon't think Japs ought'a be allowed to pplay baseball.
Colonel, to ffight you need strategy. To have strategy, ya gotta practice. And to practice it, ya gotta play
YYes Sir.
Were. Isn't that what you mean? Were. Because he's dead, isn't he? And that's why you've come.
He told me about you. That he had no other friend like you.
You were more like brothers.
He said you're the only one he ever saw who was better in the air than him.
How's everything?
That might not have been such a good idea. They're making us fly out of a halfpaved airfield. The real punishment is that I won't be back to the barracks till it's too late for dinner or coffee. So I guess it's goodbye for awhile.
I swore not to talk about him tonight, but there's all this stuff I think I ought to tell you, that he didn't get a chance to. Rafe was...he was lonely. He had such high expectations of himself that he always felt empty. The week he met you he told me he felt his heart had always lived in winter, and for the first time in his life he has seen the spring.
He told me he didn't want to leave me with regret. Now that's all I have.
Well...sure.
So beautiful!
Hey! What is this, the planes all bunched up like that?
What about easier to hit in an air raid?
Yeah.
Bandits at 2 o'clock.
It's Germans!
Good shooting, Danny!
Land of the free...
There's another one!
Hey, you wanna test my limits, you better line up a couple dozen women on the GROUND...cause I got NO limits in the air!
The Colonel helped me work it out.
I'm sorry, Danny, but they're only accepting the best pilots.
Danny, you know how many times I saw you come to school with a black eye or a busted nose, and couldn't do a thing about it  for you, or for your mother... or your father, with his lungs scorched out with mustard gas, and more left of his lungs than there was of his spirit? You've made your sacrifice, Danny. It's time I made mine.
I have to talk to Evelyn. And I want you to meet her.
Didn't you say you told her not to come?
Then why are you looking for her?
You'd always go sit in a plane whenever you were upset.
Let's go get a drink. Unless you're scared to talk about it.
Why be sorry? That's what you feel, it's better to come out with it.
Sure you did. So come on. Say what you think.
You don't wanna put beer over maitai.
We gotta face some facts here.
I understand how it could happen. I know why any guy would love her. And I can't blame you that it happened. You thought I was dead, she was grieving, you were trying to help her.
Yeah, right. Anyway, you didn't know.
I'm saying now you do know. So it's time for you to fuck off.
How's this for a fact? I loved her first.
I guess I'm used to it. I've felt like throwing up every minute since you got back.
Fuck you.
She said I was so much like you. I said, No, I'm not. I'm like I am because of you, but I'm not you, not as good as you. Everybody else saw me as a loser with a big chip on his shoulder. But you saw the better part of me, the part of me that could be like you, and changed me. You made me who I am.
Get me into a plane!
Where are we going?
What's there?
This ain't a little feud, Earl, it's World War Two!
It's tight.
They're all over us!
You hear my okay?
I got a half a tank. You?
Land of the free.
I'm out of ammo!
Sorry you're gonna die  cause I'm gonna make it.
Fun today. Like old times.
What do you mean? I'm just doing what we've always done.
We've always tried to beat each other.
Maybe just trying to measure up.
It's shorter than our practice runway.
We'll be loaded with 2,000 pounds of bombs and 1,500 pounds of fuel. I got another Chinese phrase for Doolittle. "Mug wump rickshaw mushu pork." It means "Who the fuck thought up this shit?"
Longer? It's getting shorter.
We'll get separated over the target, but you and I will rendezvous for the run to China. I'm on your wing.
Home of the Brave.
I can't make it.
They ready, Earl?
Cocksuckin' right I do!! In the gun lockers!
Earl! You said the planes were ready but  but what?
Danny, I don't like this fuckin' guy.
Who the fuck taught you to fly?
Ever hear of maitai's? Comes in a big...pot. Like...like...
No, like...
You guys are new?
Well, you ppuked on his feet.
Hey. You. Mr. Coma.
What lizard?
What the hell happened to you guys?
Maitai's. I got this to tell ya, about maitai's.
You guys know her?! I gotta have an intro! Man, I'd like to
Yes Sir.
You liked that?
Sir?
Halewhat?
Sir, I
I wasn't gonna apologize, Sir. I was just gonna say it was worth it to feel like a real pilot again, even if it was only for five seconds.
That's me, Sir.
If you're patching up bullet holes right here on the runway, maybe we should skip the housekeeping and get right to the planes.
Not anxious to die, Sir, anxious to matter.
Red...Strange?
But...they called you Strange? Because of Red Grange? I don't get it. Was Red Grange strange?
Do you always stutter?
Nervous?
Do you have trouble with your boobs in the uniform?
Hide them? On a date with pilots? I'm talking about how you make them show!
Ooo, she's thinking of her date! Come on, you've been dating a pilot. We want to know what we can expect.
He was that good?
I wish she could forget him.
You goodlookin' sumbitch...don't you EVER die!
What, goodlookin' sumbitch?
Are you sure they're here?
What is it with Red? I've never seen him this way.
We have a problem here?
White Boy, how much is the reward on the man again?
Uhhuh. You recall, did it say dead or alive?
I sent these two looking for him, they come back shaking their heads.
White Boy, the man's not gonna hide no diamonds under the fuckin' mattress.
Are they dead?
Not so fast, Dick. Starting now, there's gonna be an across the board cost a living increase.
Year ago, I come in here on credit card fraud, but after I shanked that loudmouth pussy on the yard the other day, my Dunn & Broadstreet, has gone way the fuck up.
Whoever. The point is, prices are goin' up, too. Better get your little black book out, Richard. We got some business to talk about.
Well, I need that...
Faux goose down.
Excuse me. Snoopy? Did we settle the fish thing?
Well, if it isn't the Ripper hisself.
Where you been hiding, Dick?
Forget about her. Tell me where the money's at.
Where the fuck is Foley?
Likewise.
No. Course not.
I knew it, soon as I saw they were offering a reward.
Yeah, as soon as we got back.
I spoke to her. The guy told her he missed his little girl and she felt sorry for him.
The woman also said he stole her husband's gun, a twentytwo pistol, and some of his clothes.
Not yet. Where's Mr. Ripley?
Out for the evening?
When's he due back?
That's right, just me.
I don't have any idea.
How do I look, mama?
A'ight, this time we gotta get the motherfuckin' trajectory right... Okay, on three: One... Two...
You fit another Chanel suit in here?
It's beautiful.
SigSauer .38. I love it.
Happy birthday, kid. You want another Coke?
Which one is that? The ATF guy?
He's still married though, huh?
Oh, he's moved out?
Then they're not separated, are they?
What're you doing at Glades?
You know you can always step in, work with me fulltime as one of my investigators.
You used to like it.
You'd meet doctors, lawyers  nothing wrong with them necessarily if they're divorced. Why settle for some cowboy cop who drinks too much and cheats on his wife? That's the way those hotshots are, all of 'em.
We don't get to talk much any more.
I'd like that.
What'd I say?
Huh.
The Sig Sauer you got me for my birthday.
He doesn't even look like that.
No, he looks a lot...
I see that.
Off a tip?
Hello?
He's pretty laid back, confident.
Not at all.
I want to bust his ass, put him in shackles.
My married boyfriend  setting him up with that news story so you could talk about infidelity. I couldn't believe it.
Foley <i>kid</i>napped me.
He waved to you?
You wave back?
I imagine you would've though.
So?
He doesn't seem to hold a grudge. What <i>I</i> want to know is why, they got such a big score up north, did Foley hang around Miami for so long? Any thoughts on that one?
You gonna go get him?
I was just thinking... you could have a nice time with him on the plane  like picking up where your interlude, or whatever you call it, left off. And then throw him in the can.
My little girl, the tough babe.
What do you want?
You find him, tell him the dog got run over and I'm out of grocery money.
That's Kenneth, my brother. He's talking on the phone.
Thanks.
You not with probation, one of those?
You a lawyer?
Glenn? No, I don't know any Glenn.
Here? In this house?
Well, <i>he</i> ain't even here that much. I like to know where he goes, but at the same time I don't <i>want</i> to know, you understand?
Got run over by a car.
Was a she, name Tuffy.
I don't know  the gym, the fights. I <i>know</i> he don't miss the fights. Having some tomorrow night at the State Theater. He use to take me.
You're a fighter?
I can tell.
What'd you fight, middleweight?
Flyweight.
You're not my type.
Just a minute.
You wanted to tussle, we tussled.
You look great. Your dad taking good care of you?
How's it going?
Foley? Oh. No, it was one of the Cubans. Linares.
We went out there, full SWAT, two choppers, the whole bit, but Linares started shooting anyway. We put him down, but somehow Chirino got away.
Studs. Hey, son, you must be one a them psychic friends. I was just thinkin' about you.
You crazy, come up <u>here</u>? It's fuckin one degree outside.
Uhhuh.
Some<u>one</u>? Gimme a hint.
Gimme another hint.
You there?
Watch the road, boy. I like this Town Car. We can cruise the man's neighbourhood without getting the police or private security people on our ass.
It's lilac, man, the color, and the style's made known by Deion and other defensive backs in the pros. I could be one of them living out here with doctors of my race and basketball players. Okay, here comes Mr. Ripley's house up on the left. Yeah. The brick wall. There's his drive, right there.
If they're not busted now, they're gonna be. It's wide open.
I'll show you, soon as I get one more guy I'm gonna need, Moselle's brother, Kenneth. Along with White Boy there.
Wait a minute. I'm letting <i>you</i> in on this, not all your friends.
Thing I'm worried about is you.
Yeah. If you can step up and actually do it. Understand? 'Stead of just talking the talk.
Walk in a house with me, do this cross dressin' nigga named Eddie Solomon I used to sell to been dealin' on his own.
Right now, son.
Look, Glenn, I know you cool, but you don't have to give me no tone of voice, okay? You don't like what I'm saying, you can get out anywhere along here you want.
Hey, shit, come on. I say I want this car, man, it's mine. You go get yourself another one. I say I'm in on Ripley? I'm in, with or without <i>your</i> ass. I say I want you to come along on another job, see if you for real or not, guess what you gonna do?
Why'd he have to do that to that girl?
It's all right with you, I'll just hang in the car.
Why would I do that?
Jesus, what'd you crawl through, a sewer?
Glenn?
It couldn't have been out at Glades, if that's what you're thinking. I was never out there.
But you're sure we've met, huh?
Do we have a gun in the car?
Foley's not going to make it. And if he goes down, Glenn, you go with him.
We're not. I'm helping him, yeah
Take the next exit.
Glenn, take the exit.
Glenn, are you trying to steal this car?
Another one of those days, huh, nothing seems to go right?
You're not?
The two guys you were with  that one, that isn't Maurice Miller, is it? I've seen Snoopy's mug shot and that didn't look like him.
Glenn, I know your life history, who your friends are, where you've been and now, it looks like, where you're going. Put your hands on the wheel.
For the car, for aiding and abetting a prison escape, and conspiring to do whatever you came here for.
What's going on, Glenn?
But I thought the whole thing was your idea?
Ripley? You mean the wall street guy?
And is Foley a part of this?
Why's that?
But you say he hasn't shown up, you think he backed out?
Gee, I wonder why not.
You want to get out of here, run, it'll warm you up.
But listen, Glenn. If you're lying to me...
If I didn't know you, Glenn, by tomorrow you'd be in jail or dead. Look at it that way. Go on.
Islamic.
The Hejira was the flight of Mohammed from Mecca in 622.
The brothers in Leavenworth gave me the name.
For a time.
Meaning time came, I left.
I prefer to call it an exodus from an undesirable place.
That time?
Yeah. That was the ninth.
Ten, you count the prison hospital in Ohio I walked away from.
Hejira.
Apparently, yeah. I was supposed to leave last night with the lady marshal, but for some reason she wanted to wait.
Cheaper I guess, take us both down in one van.
Like what?
You don't wanna be standing there, the hacks start asking questions you don't wanna answer.
Sounds high, doesn't it?
You're smart, Ripley, you'll tell this guy to fuck off.
First of all, if he kills you, he's not gonna get any more money out of you.
Any time.
I don't know. I never used a gun.
You'd be surprised what all you can get, you ask for it the right way.
No? Where do you keep it, Dick? I'm talking about all those uncut diamonds you told Glenn about.
You're the one with balls, Dick, say something like that to someone like Glenn. Or maybe you just forgot where you were for a minute.
Of course not.
Doesn't have to figure out shit. You <u>told</u> him you keep 'em at your house.
Tell me something, Jack, how much longer you in here?
I was just thinking that I could use a guy like you, someone knows how to ask for things the right way. I'm talkin' about when you're outta here. I mean, you can't rob banks for ever.
Hey, Jack? Bullshit. I didn't make my first million until I was forty two. Fortytwo. You really <u>want</u> to change, it's never too late.
Who is? But then you gotta look at a job as more than just work. You gotta look at it as peace of mind. As <i>security</i>, you know what I mean? I got offices in Detroit, Miami, Boston, take your pick.
No need to decide now. Be like the fish. Let whatever happens happen.
Yeah, fish live in the present. They don't dwell on yesterday and they don't worry about tomorrow. Even when a big fish attacks a little fish, there's no neurosis involved. No guilt afterward. No whining on some fishshrink's couch. They just do it. They accept.
The fish saved my life. Two years ago, I found out I had high blood pressure. So my doctor, he tells me to go get an aquarium, look at the fish every time I felt myself stressing out.
It works. You should try it sometime.
I still haven't made up my mind yet.
You goin' right back to work?
Today, I'm offering you a lousy job at a lousy wage. You think you're better than that? Fine. Show me. Show me that you're really willing to change and we'll talk about something better. A lot better. But first, Jack, you gotta earn it.
Jack, I'm disappointed. I guess I misjudged you.
Oh, yeah, I'm calm. In fact, I'm totally "relaxed..."
How are you, Richard?
Maurice Miller, couple of his friends.
Have they got Midge up there?
We thought it might be her husband. Sometimes he comes and checks up on her. She told him I was down in Florida.
What do you want from me, Jack? Name it. You want money?
We'll go to my bank. I'll make a withdrawal.
Siddown, Dick. They're trying to open the safe, not your maid.
I'm not angry, Richard. In fact, I'm completely relaxed. Thing is, I can't tell if it's the fish that're cooling me out or all those uncut diamonds on the bottom of the tank there.
Five point two.
I'm not leaving Midge.
If that's my fate, so be it. I'm not leaving. I love her, Jack.
How many?
Okay. How many going out?
When?
You know who they are?
He got three years and fined fifty million dollars and wrote 'em a fucking check. Like that, fifty mil, signed his name. Whoa little help here!
You guys come on this is too heavy!
I'll take the shades off. Just get this fuckin' thing off me.
Ever seen an uncut diamond, Studs? They look like plain old rocks.
My point is, that's probably what you're gonna end up with.
Use your head. The guys got five million lying around his house, you really think he's gonna tell some motormouth he just met in prison about it?
Studs. Man, I haven't heard that since Lompoc. What's going on?
Take your sunglasses off.
You don't take 'em off, I'm gonna throw 'em off the overpass while they're still on your head.
You're in civilization now, man, ease up.
In the trunk?
Weren't you expecting us?
She <i>knew</i> me from some bullshit dope bust. She drove me to court. Twice. You know what she said, we're in the car on the turnpike? "I never forget anybody I've cuffed and shackled."
What happened to your shades? Someone finally step on 'em?
Whose blood you got all over you?
I thought you guys were busted.
Why you're just a girl. What do you do for a living you pack a shotgun?
You comfy?
There isn't any. All this shit you got in here. What is all this stuff anyway? Handcuffs, chains... what's this can?
You devil, it's mace, huh? What've you got here, a billy? Use it on poor unfortunate offenders.
In my bag, in the car.
I believe it. You've ruined a nine hundreddollar suit my dad gave me.
The idea of going after guys like you appealed to me.
You wouldn't have time anyway. We come to a roadblock, they'll run the car, find out in five seconds who it belongs to.
Must be quite a pal, risk his own ass like this.
Buddy. That's his given name?
So, what's <u>your</u> name? It'll be in the paper tomorrow anyway.
Why, are you famous?
How many was that?
That's funny.
It was me, I woulda left ol' Gus on the floor.
I know the difference. You were in Lompoc USP, the federal penitentiary. I've delivered people there. So basically you've spent half your life in prison.
I don't have to. I don't rob banks.
Of course I am.
What do you want me to do? Scream? I don't think it would help much. I'm just gonna sit back, take it easy, and wait for you to screw up.
You were married? All those falls, I'm surprised you had time.
Uhhuh.
Sure.
Yeah, well, if it turns out I get shot like a dog, it'll be in the street, not off a goddamn fence.
Oh, you mean of Bonnie and Clyde? Hm. You ever see pictures of him, the way he wore his hat? You could tell he had that don'tgiveashit air about him.
Is that right?
You're full of interesting facts, aren't you?
That part in the movie where they get shot? Warren Beatty and... I can't think of her name.
Yeah, I liked her in that movie about TV...
And the guy saying he wasn't gonna take any more shit from anybody...
Yeah, right. Anyway, that scene where Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway get shot? I remember thinking at the time it wouldn't be a bad way to go, if you have to.
It wasn't pretty after, no, but if you were in that car  eating a sandwich  you wouldn't have known what hit you.
Nothing.
You'd probably tell me.
You have to be kidding.
With Robert Redford, when he was young.
I never thought it made sense, though, the way they got together so quick.
I mean, romantically.
Get your hands up and turn around. <u>Now</u>.
You know who this is?
How'd you get this number?
None of your business.
That's my dad.
How do you know? Wait you have my wallet.
Think I could have them back?
Let's see. You could come on by my dad's place, drop 'em off.
There's a guy here on the task force right now. Maybe I should put him on the phone, let you two work it out.
Why not?
My dad's retired. He was a Private Investigator. Forty years. I used to work for him.
Something I've been wondering, what ever happened to your Uncle Cully?
Unless you wanna tell me.
One last score, that the idea? Move to some island.
Whatta you mean <u>we'll</u> make it an island?
It takes hours to get a drink around here. There's only one waitress.
Don't leave me.
No, they're all right. I meant, you just got here.
Love it.
I'm a sales rep. I came here to call on a customer and they gave me a hard time because I'm a girl.
What, as a sales rep?
I don't have a problem with it.
I had one just like it  well, it was the same idea, but I had to get rid of it.
It smelled.
No. What do you do for a living, Gary?
Not yet. Don't say anything yet. Okay?
It's your game. I've never played this before.
Well, does it make sense to you?
Or once.
I called your room from downstairs.
Well, I'd say who I was and do you remember me and ask if you'd like to meet for a drink.
It would be worth the risk.
So do you.
That's not what you were about to say.
She did, huh.
Yeah, but in a nice way.
He killed a police officer.
You believe that?
What were you gonna do with me?
You waved to me in the elevator.
I couldn't believe it. I was thinking of you by then, a lot, wondering what it would be like if we did meet. Like if we could take a timeout...
You know I saw you on the street.
Outside Adele's.
To warn her about Chino.
I don't think we should get into that.
Don't talk like that, okay? You scare me.
I'm just going to the bathroom.
Why are you mad?
What about <i>my</i> motive? Now I can say I fucked a US Marshal. You think I will?
You're not dumb.
You getting serious on me now?
You know.
Pretend I'm somebody else.
If you don't, one of those guys will.
I told you, I'm not going back.
You just did, for Christ sake.
Sign says "Shut the fuck up." Or can't you guys read?
Yeah.
That's right.
Company, shit. I watch the man's back.
Another C.
I don't smoke.
Thirtytwo outta what, twenty?
It seems to me I been reading about you in the newspaper. Busted out of some joint in Florida, huh?
Like being back in the yard, huh?
Glenn didn't tell you?
Let's go outside and talk.
Warm? Man, it's ninetyfive degrees in here, sometimes a hundred  the way Emanuel always kep' it so his boys'd sweat, get lean and mean like Tommy Hearns. No, I ain't talking any business in here. To me this is holy ground, man. You understand? I got to be someplace anyway. Y'all want to talk, come to the fights tomorrow night, we'll sit down and look at it good. The State Theater.
Your homie, Glenn. Only thing, he went to the men's about a while ago and never came back.
We're leaving.
Snoop, if you don't know where Glenn is...
I thought everything.
Give me a minute, talk to Buddy.
I wasn't asking permission.
Break and enter, shit. Take it and git, how it's done. Don't waste any time. That's how you do it.
Shit, yeah. White Boy even got busted for it. White Boy, tell these boys the reason you went down on that burglary that time.
That's a wonderful story, Snoop. I'm very excited about tonight.
You know how to use one a these?
Good luck, Richard.
Jack, you don't use a gun, do you?
Nervous?
This kind of setup, you don't have any idea what the fuck you're doing  do you?
Ironic, isn't it?
Freezing. But I'm getting warmer.
Yeah. And I thought everyone liked Eddie.
Dude in the dress is Eddie Solomon, used to buy scag off a corner till he kicked it and found his happiness with crack and then started dealing himself. Word on the street was he was saving up for an operation.
Yeah, Eddie was a real character. Had these girls cooked the rocks he called the Rockettes.
Yonelle. Looks like someone raped her, shot her, then threw her out the window. Fuckin' animals.
I report to the FBI, first thing they're gonna do is ask me to go get some coffee.
No, I didn't know that.
Detroit, you must be pretty busy.
Listen, Raymond, a year ago, DEA had this guy Glenn Michaels on possession with intent but couldn't make it stick. In his statement, Glenn said he went up to Detroit to visit a friend and look into job opportunities  if you can believe that.
Guy named Maurice Miller, also known as Snoopy, a former prizefighter.
I'll need a last known address.
Come on, Raymond, I'm a federal officer, I'm armed.
We're a few minutes away. Just sit tight, stay outta the house till we get there, understand?
Karen, I told you not to
You excited?
Yeah, but I see you moved it up.
You were out running this morning, sticking to your routine, anybody happened to notice. But you only did a couple of miles instead of your usual five. Saving yourself for the main event. Then I see you inside eating ten pounds of macaroni. Carbohydrates for endurance.
You told me I can come 'cause I caught you digging the fuckin' tunnel, saw you and Lulu coming out of the bushes, thought maybe you two were making out.
I appreciate the offer. And it's tempting.
Wait. You not Adele?
Oh. Then this must be Adele...
You wouldn't shoot me, would you?
I could walk out of here.
You can live or die, it's up to you.
You don't, huh?
Excuse me, Adele?
Daniel Burdon, FBI.
That's nice of you to offer, Karen, but I got all the help I can use right now. Instead, let's talk about how you got the bump on your head.
Yes, but I want to hear you tell it. Starting with when you tried to grab the wheel  where was this?
There's a couple of points I keep wondering about have to do with the two guys that grabbed you. Buddy is it? And this fella Jack Foley. I swear the man must've robbed two hundred banks in his time.
You talked to him?
What'd you talk about?
This fella holds you hostage, you talk about movies?
Foley made me think of that fella Carl Tillman, the one you were seeing, it turns out the same time he was doing banks. You recall that?
Yeah, but I had enough reason to believe he did, and I told you. So you had to at least suspect him.
The time came, you shot him. But you didn't shoot Foley or the guy with him. They're unarmed, you had a shotgun and you let them throw you in the trunk. Okay, now you got your Sig in your hand. You say in the report you couldn't turn around, he had you pinned down. But when the trunk opened, how come you didn't cap the two guys then?
You say in the report Glenn didn't have a gun, but you let him get away, too.
Karen, I've been with the Bureau fifteen years, on all kinds of investigations.
I have to qualify, is that it?
We'll talk another time, Karen. All right? I'd like to know why Foley put you in that second car when he didn't need you any more.
Sounds to me like he liked having you around. I'll see you, Karen. Mr. Sisco.
Karen. Where are you? I been trying to get a hold of you.
Where are you? I been trying to reach you.
What we already talked to her. That's a dead end.
There was a Buddy Bragg at Lompoc around the same time Foley was there. We got an address for him at the Adams Hotel in Hallandale. I want you to go there, see if you can get the manager to i.d. him as the other guy. If he does, you call me right away...
But don't you <u>do</u> anything. You just have a seat, wait for me to get there.
Now. What is it you wanted to tell me?
What? Is that what you're calling me about?
Yeah, sure, Karen. You bring in Chirino, you can be on the task force.
Good. Now forget about the exwife and get over to the Adams Hotel.
They're in 7D.
You're gonna use a ram?
The manager's door is metal.
What? Daniel, I wanna go upstairs.
Now you see Foley and this guy Bragg come in behind us, whatta you do?
And you let them come up. You don't try to make the bust yourself. You understand?
The Wall Street guy? Oh, yeah. I didn't recognize him without his rug.
Why don't we talk about it later?
That's the turnpike up there. Glenn's waiting with the other car.
We may as well leave her, we're leaving the car and we gotta leave her some place anyway, what's the difference where?
Jesus Christ, what were you doing in there?
Do we need him?
Wait a minute. Let me have your raincoat. Somebody forgot to bring me clean clothes.
Why you brought Glenn into this, I'll never know.
His idea? Gimme a break. Fuckin' guy's got a vacant lot for a head. Was you and me figured the whole thing out.
He ain't the problem, Jack.
I want to talk to her again, that's all. See what would happen under, you know, normal circumstances.
I'm just saying she wasn't scared.
You're just jealous it was me in the trunk with her and not you.
I've been dreaming about a hot bath for the last six months. Soak the prison off me.
Oh, man.
I know exactly what you mean. It's just a feeling. You know, I could go for some wine tonight.
Sounds great.
I wasn't feeling my best that day. I'd just drawn thirty to life.
Paper says there's ten grand each on you, Chino and Lulu.
Just that she got away.
You'll have to ask Glenn. And most likely, he's on his way to Detroit, where we should be.
Am I going to Detroit by myself?
We'll leave first thing in the morning.
You better come see this.
He's running for his life, he doesn't give a shit about you.
He knows where she lives?
We were talking one time, drinking rum. I may've mentioned Adele, how she worked for a magician. Chino got interested. He's like, Yeah? How does he saw the woman in half? He wanted to meet her. Or get a look at her if she ever came to visit.
Her phone's probably tapped.
Shit.
I'm a tourist.
In here with my suntan lotion and beach towel. That's her place.
Uhhuh...
Sure looks that way.
Now you're talkin'.
I been thinkin', if I was Glenn, I was up there to take down the Ripper, where would I go?
Remember Snoopy Miller, his old pal from Lompoc?
He isn't fighting no more. Glenn told me the Snoop's been managing some guys up there now, works out at the Kronk.
She just sat there, looking right at me.
Love is funny.
I think Glenn opened his big mouth and now we got us another partner.
Is that Snoopy? In the purple doo rag?
Outside of that.
She came up here on her vacation, 'cause she likes shitty weather.
They don't stay the night, Jack, 'less you pay for it.
Just hung up.
Two hours.
Fortyfive minutes.
Forget about my sister. If Karen Sisco's tailing Glenn, we're fucked. Tomorrow night at the fights we all get picked up.
Now that's a really big house.
No doubt the man's got some bigass security system.
Yeah? You think he'll let us in, we got Snoopy and the musclebound asshole with us?
Let Glenn deal with the Snoop, while we're off livin' the good life.
What about that D.B. Cooper guy?
Let fate decide? What're you, the fuckin' Dali Lama now?
Yeah, it's called Glades Correctional Institution and I'm sure as shit not going back there or any place like it.
They put a gun on you, you'll go back.
Listen, I gotta get some better shoes, few other things before tomorrow. Why don't you drop me off at the Ren Cen, we'll hook up later?
It took you, what, seven hours to buy a pair of shoes?
And she saw you?
So how's that work, a wanted felon socializing with a U.S. Marshal?
Did you give her a jump? If you did I might begin to understand where your head's at.
You find out?
So what's that mean? That you're disappointed by what you found or you're sorry you robbed all those banks?
They want to go tonight, before Glenn gets in any trouble, opens his big mouth.
You know they gonna set us up.
But you still think you can get the diamonds fore they do?
Half for doing what?
And who watches your back?
I'm not leaving you alone with these assholes.
I don't ski.
They found the safe.
Yeah, hi. Nice house.
They sure do.
Shit.
They're gonna rape the maid, aren't they.
And then they'll kill 'em.
We made it, didn't we?
I'm going back inside.
No, you dump the van, meet me at the airport. I'll take one of Ripley's cars.
Listen, Buddy, the shit that's about to go down, you'll be on the phone with your sister for a month. Let me do this part alone.
Yes.
Oh. Uhhuh.
Yeah, I was Emil's boxjumper for almost four years.
His assistant.
Yes, around here. I was a mayishan in Cuba before I come here. Manuel the Mayishan was my name.
Listen to me. I'm a good friend of Jack Foley.
Tell me where is Jack Foley, I don't bother you no more.
Listen, I'm the one help Jack escape from prison. He tole me, I can't find him to see you. So why don't you open this fucking door. Okay? So we can speak.
Why you want to do that, to a frien'?
From Glades to the turnpike. Then I left with Glenn.
They didn't <i>tell</i> me anything, they asked questions.
I know a Glenn.
No, thanks.
You mean, did he try to jump me? No, but he was kind of talkative.
You didn't visit him in prison.
Why not?
But you spoke to him on the phone.
He called the day he escaped.
He said he wished the two of you could start over, live a normal life.
Did you know that when you married him?
I'll say one thing for Jack, he was never ugly or mean, or drank too much. He was very considerate, lights on or off, if you know what I mean.
Adele, sooner or later, he's gonna get caught. I'd like to get him before he does something else, makes it worse on himself.
Jack came out of a bank he just robbed in Pasadena, couldn't get his stolen car to start. Battery was dead. He looks over, sees Buddy sitting in a burgundy Bonneville, goes up, offers him a thousand dollars for a jump. Turns out, Buddy was casing the same bank and saw the whole thing. Buddy says, I'll take the thousand, but we're leaving in my car, not that piece of shit you come in. They musta robbed fifty banks together.
That wasn't Jack's fault. No, that was on account of Buddy, for some reason, decided to call his sister and confess to a job <u>before</u> they'd done it instead of after. She called the FBI and they both went down, ended up at Lompoc. I think Buddy felt kinda bad about that.
Ask him his name.
You're good.
Oh, is this Adele?
Uh sorry. Wrong number.
Who is it?
What?!
You do the sawing of the box in half trick with you inside?
Tell me, how do you do that?
Till it's not funny any more. What do you want, Jack?
Didn't you tell me onetime calls aren't monitored?
So why don't you come right out and tell me what you're talking about?
What's free about it? I'm looking for work.
Emil the Amazing. The bastard fired me and hired another girl, a redhead. I'm working on a new business card, pass out to the cafes. How's this sound
And the one driving the other car?
Well, seeing as you have so much luck with cars, Buddy thought it might be better to bring two. He got this guy he says you know from Lompoc, Glenn something.
Yeah, that's him. Buddy says Glenn thinks you guys are real cool.
I don't like snakes. I remember the one Cleopatra used. Cute little rascal until it flicked out that red tongue, and those two sharp fangs. You'd never think such a little thing packed such a big wallop.
Hurt her? Hell, it killed her!
We had lots of snakes in my ancient Egypt...slimy, slinky things.
When I was alive, they were the things nightmares were made of.
He wants us.
What do you suppose for?
Did you do something to get us into trouble again?
Did you howl offkey at the moon again?
I can't remember doing anything wrong either.
Ahh hahahhnnn hahnnn!
Ahh, the curiousity of youth... on the road to ruin! May it ever be so adventurous!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA.
No. No! No!
They are live ones?
Live ones where only the dead should be?
Have we in some way made you angry, Master?
We don't know of anything, Master...
It's not often an Emperor like <i>you</i> calls on creatures like us.
Aaaahhhh.
You are the keepers of the Damned. You two know them all. And I am tired of this usual type of entertainment. I want...a decided change.
Ahh, good. Then I will see them. Dismiss the rest.
But they are not yet one of us.
Tie them that they may watch.
A symbol, Master.
She loved the bull ring and the matador. She danced to their destruction. Now she dances to her own destruction. Her dance is of skulls.
El Dia De Los Muertos...A celebration in her country.
She was?
Oh, yes, a religion of sorts.
She pleases me. Permit her to live in the World of the Snakes.
As you wish, Master
At the first sight of the morning sun's rays, we must be gone.
It would seem so, Master
She is to be <b>mine!</b> It is so spoken!
Well?
When!?
The moon is almost gone!
At the first sight of the morning's rays' light...
I would have time for my own pleasures!
I understand, Master
There are others.
The moon sinks lower into the hills! We must hurry to the finish.
You had the mummy cancel all the others scheduled for this session.
The <b>moon</b> is almost <b>gone!</b>
Oh, if there is only time!
All others were but infinitessimal bits of fluff, compared to <i>her</i> This one would have <i>died</i> for feathers, furs, and fluff...and so she did!
For what!?!
You mean...!
Is there time?
Thank you, Master! Thank you.
We sure picked the wrong night to find a cemetery. Let's turn back.
But does it have to be in a cemetery?
But there're so many wonderful things to write about, Bob.
But horror stories! Why all the time horror stories?
Your puritan upbringing holds you back from my monsters, but it certainly doesn't hurt your art of kissing.
Who's to say my monsters aren't alive?
Well, fact or not, I don't see how we're going to find an ancient cemetery in these mountains tonight. I can't see a thing! Let's turn back.
I'm getting the jitters! Let's turn back!
Well we certainly can't stay here. C'mon.
In there.
Silly, there's nothing in there to be afraid of.
That's what I want to find out. We have to get help.
Something's making that music.
All right. Don't worry, I'll be right beside you.
Not dead? In a cemetery?
Well, it's probably just the caretaker, and that's exactly who we want to find. They'll have a telephone. C'mon.
It's an initiation all right, but not of a college as you and I know them. Nothing alive looks like that!
I'm not sure...
I'm not sure, myself. It's just a feeling I've had since the crash...Like I feel a cold chill all over.. ..Now this!
Be careful!They'll see you.
You've got a right to be. We're trapped by a bunch of fiends.
Don't let them hear you.
I don't know. I just don't know. But don't give up. We're not finished yet.
I'm afraid I'll faint.
The ropes are coming loose.
I amIt's our only chance.
My guess is if we don't take the chance pretty soon, we're not going to have much life left anyway.
Hold on just a little longer, Shirley.
You do?
You're talking nonsense.
They wouldn't dare put us in the same grave <b>or would they?</b>
That sudden?
...And I thought you loved me.
What can we do against them?
I still don't know what ever made me go steady with a crackpot writer like you.
My old boyfriend Tommy would never have gotten me in a mess like this. At least <i>he's</i> got brains.
Maybe so.
There's nothing to forgive. It was all a dream.
Of course I do.
Fiend is it! You will not be so fortunate. Your existence will cease within moments. No one wishes to see a man dance... And you, my dear, will entertain for centuries to come.
..Oh, You could do nothing! I can save you much pain.
I do not joke in my proposal.
Keep Charley out of this.
Go ask him, why don't you ? Ask him yourself.
One of these days.
What are you down here for to see we don't make off with any of Mister Friendly's precious cargo?
A banana boat. It would be bananas. One of these days me ship's comin' in from Ireland, God love 'er, loaded to the gunnels with sweet Irish whiskey!
You see, Kayo, the good Lord watches over us after all.
You think one bottle's enough for all them toasts?
I was afraid one bottle might get lonely by itself. Now you see the advantage of a little man in a big coat.
I wonder how many Hail Marys the Father'll make me say at confession. It'll be worth it! The pallet is loaded now. Terry turns and approaches Nolan.
Go on, beat it!
Don't give me that coffee, you rummy. Now blow!
A dime. One thin dime for a cup of coffee.
One little dime you don't need. I know you you're Edie Doyle. Your Brother's a saint only one ever tried to get me my compensation.
I can't believe it a small fortune. You can't buy me you're still a bum! 'Bye, Edie. Lord have mercy on Joey.
You got some nerve.
You know what I mean. Leave her alone.
She's off limits for bums like you. Leave her alone.
Not that free.
Soso, Johnny.
Count this.
It's good for you. Develops your mind.
Not a dent. Perfect
Thirtysix sev aah I lost the count.
I know, Johnny, I know... .
Do you?
You come from Green Point? Go back to Green Point. You don't work here no more. Here, kid, here's half a bill. Go get your load on.
Go on a little present from your Uncle Johnny. And Mac, tomorra mornin' when you shape the men put Terry in the loft. Number one. Every day. Nice easy work. Check in and goof off on the coffee bags. O.K.?
I I was just on my way up, Johnny.
It must have been once too often. I think your brains come apart. What you got up there, Chinese bells?
I thought you were gonna keep an eye on that church meeting.
Nothing happened, he says. Some operator you got yourself there, Charley. One more like him and we'll all be wearing striped pajamas.
Oh, he did. Half an hour later a certain Timothy J. Nolan went into secret session with the Commission and he did all the talking.
He don't, huh? Well, he knows thirtynine pages worth of our operation.
I got it. Hot off the press.
Now just a minute, I
Listen, Johnny
You want to know somethin'?
You want to know something? Take the heater away and you're nothin' take the good goods away, and the kickback and the shakedown cabbage away and the pistoleros away and you're a great big hunk of nothing Your guts is all in your wallet and your trigger finger!
I'm glad what I done today, see? You give it to Joey, you give it to Nolan, you give it to Charley who was one of your own. You thought you was God Almighty instead of a cheap connivinggoodfornothing bum! So I'm glad what I done you hear me? glad what I done!
From where you stand, maybe. But I'm standing over here now. I was rattin' on myself all them years and didn't know it, helpin' punks like you against people like Pop and Nolan an'... .
Hey, Skins get away with that sheet metal all right?
Stow the receipt. I'll take the cash.
Hey, Terry, front and center.
Gimme.
Hey look
He followed my birds into their coop. Here, you want him?
I'll bring him up to your loft.
Is Johnny in?
No?
Take it easy now, Terry.
What's wrong with your shoulder?
Listen, kid, why don't you go home before Johnny... .
Easy. Easy, boy.
First things first.
's all right, kid. I took care of 'em myself this morning.
Yeah, yeah, I was awake anyway so I figured They got it made. Eat all they want fly around like crazy sleep side by side and raise gobs of squabs.
Be sure they got enough water.
My lead bird. He's always on that top perch.
Yeah, once they're mated they stay together all their lives until one of 'em dies.
Looking for me?
Jimmy, suppose I knew something, say a mug somebody put on somebody... . You think I should turn him in?
Yeah, I'm kidding, I'm kidding. You don't think I should turn him in... .
Yeah us Golden Warriors. You're a good kid, Jimmy, a good tough kid. We stick together, huh, kid?
But I ain't out. I'm in. I'm in. Who's lying to who?
O.K., O.K., That's enough.
I told you lay off.
How do you like them jokers? Taking me for a pigeon.
Didn't you recognize him, dopey. That's Old Man Doyle.
Condolences. How you fixed for cabbage this mornin'?
Some chance at ten percent a week! And if he don't borrow, he don't work.
I ought to belt you one, J.P.
... .and you'll tell Johnny Friendly.
You're Terry Malloy, aren't you?
I thought I recognized you. Saw you fight in St. Nick's a couple of years ago.
Our identification.
We're getting ready to hold public hearings on waterfront crime and underworld infiltration of longshore unions.
Never will be much too soon.
You're being served with a subpoena, Mr. Malloy.
Be at the State House, Courtroom Nine, at ten o'clock tomorrow.
You can bring a lawyer if you wish. And you're privileged under the Constitution to protect yourself against questions that might implicate you in any crimes.
You looking for me?
I guess it's pretty tough work at that.
Didn't I see you fight in the Garden one night three or four years ago? With a fellow called Wilson?
I thought you were going to take him that night but...
I think you could have.
You sure looked it. Something go wrong?
Such as what?
I'm just resting my feet.
I'll never forget it. I thought it was all over.
Yeah?
Looping right! I never swung wild. I was strictly a short puncher hooks over 'n under whopwhop!
Yeah, really!
Sure... .
Have a seat. I'm trying to find out just what happened to Joey Doyle. Maybe you can help.
Father, one thing you got to understand. On the dock we've always been D 'n D.
Deef 'n dumb. Somethin' c'n happen right in front of our noses and we don't see nothin'. You know what I mean. No matter how much we hate the torpedoes we don't rat.
Yeah, considerin' they was usin' my head for a baseball!
Those blood suckers. How I'd love to fix those babies but
You still call it ratting?
What do you think?
I'll go down the line, Kayo, believe me.
And I still say you stand up and I'll stand up with you.
So help me God!
What's the matter? I've got something That's chokin' me. I've gotta get it out.
But you're the one I want to tell what you said over Nolan about keepin' silent when you know the score I'm guilty you hear me? I'm guilty... .
I don't get it!
But you've got to listen to me.
It started as a favor for my brother you know they'd ask me things and it's hard to say no a favor Who am I kiddin'? They call it a favor but it's do it or else. And this time the favor turned out to be helping them knock off Joey. I just thought they'd lean on him a little but Last night with Edie I wanted to tell her only it stuck in my throat. I guess I was scared of drivin' her away and I love her, Father. She's the first thing I ever loved.
About Edie?
It's like carrying a monkey around on your back.
If I spill, my life won't be worth a nickel.
But it's my own brother they're askin' me to finger and Johnny Friendly. His mother and my mother was first cousins. When I was this high he took me to the ball games... .
Conscience... . I didn't even know I had one until I met you and Edie... this conscience stuff can drive you nuts.
Is that all you've got to say to me, Father?
You got eyes. I'm right in front of you.
What do you want from me, Father.
Mind your own business, Father.
Why don't you go and chase yourself?
You go to hell.
You go to
A bum. Look what you're doing. You want to be brave? Firing lead into another man's flesh isn't brave. Any bum who picks up a .45 in a pawn shop can be that brave. You want to hurt Johnny Friendly? You want to fix him for what he did to Charley and a dozen men who were better than Charley? Don't fight him like a hoodlum down here in the jungle. That's just what he wants. He'll hit you in the head and plead selfdefense. Fight him tomorrow in the courtroom with the truth as you know it Truth is the gun Drop that thing and tell the truth a more dangerous weapon than this little cap pistol.
Johnny Friendly is layin' odds that you won't get up.
I can? Okay. Okay...
Pop, I'm not ready to go back yet.
Who is he, Pop?
Are you trying to tell me Terry is too?
He tries to act tough, but there's a look in his eyes that... .
He wasn't Abyssinian, Pop, Assyrian... .
He wanted to see me again.
And learn about charity and justice and all the other things people would rather talk about than practice? Pop goes up to her and holds out his two arms, his right one closer to Edie; he trembles with emotion.
Pop, don't think I'm not feeling grateful for all you've done to get me an education and shelter me from this. But now my eyes are open. I see things I know are so wrong how can I go back and keep my mind on things that are only in books and that people aren't living? I'm staying, Pop. And I'm going to keep on trying to find out who's guilty for Joey. I'd walk home with a dozen Terry Malloys if I thought they could help me. I tell you I'm staying, Pop. Pop starts to pull his belt out of his trousers.
Pop!
Let me by.
Give it to me my Pop's job
None of your business.
I think we're O.K.
They play pretty rough.
I'm with Terry.
I better see you get there.
Everybody knew him. He got around.
Aah, he's a bottlebaby, he talks to himself, the joke of the neighborhood.
You know how the Sisters are.
It's a regular college. It's just run by the nuns. The Sisters of St. Anne.
I want to be a teacher.
It isn't brains. It's how you use them.
In braids? That's right.
I know. I thought I'd never get those braces off.
I can get home all right from here
The moment I saw you.
I remember you were in trouble all the time.
Maybe they just didn't know how to handle you.
With a little more patience and kindness. That's what makes people mean and difficult. Nobody cares enough about them.
Pardon me while I reach for my beads.
Whatwhat? Where you been the last four five years? Outer space?
Well he played it smart. Too many goodfornothin's around here. All they got on their mind's a little beer, a little pool, a little I better get you home.
Do you like pigeons?
I'd better go in.
Thanks anyway.
What for?
I really don't know.
Good. So do I.
I started them Golden Warriors. I was their first Supreme Commander.
You don't mind yourself at all, do you. Joey used to race pigeons.
That was nice of you.
I wouldn't have thought you'd be so interested in pigeons.
The things that go on.
Oh she's a beauty.
Even pigeons aren't peaceful.
Listen, you like beer?
Want to go out and have one with me?
Come on, I know a quiet one, with a special entrance for ladies... .
I am?
How do you like it?
How about another one?
Hit me again, Mac.
I went pretty good for a while, didn't I, Al? But I didn't stay in shape and I had to take a few dives.
Naw, in the ring, a dive is
Describing you. A square from out there. I mean you're nowhere. Miss Four Corners.
I had to scrap all my life. Figured I might as well get paid for it. When I was a kid my old man got killednever mind how. Charley and I was put in a placethey called it a Children's Home. Some home! I run away and peddled papers, fought in club smokers and But what am I runnin' off at the mouth for? What do you care?
What a fruitcake you are!
Gee, thoughts! Alla time thoughts! You really believe that drool?
Want to hear my philosophy? Do it to him before he does it to you.
I'm not lookin' to get crucified. I'm lookin' to stay in one piece.
What do they do for you, except get in your way?
Listen get this straight don't look at me when you say them things. It wasn't my fault what happened to your brother. Fixing Joey wasn't my idea... .
Well, nobody, I guess. But that Father Barry, I didn't like the way he kept lookin' at me.
Yeah, yeah... . This Father Barry, what's his racket?
You've been off in daisyland, honey. Everybody's got a racket.
You don't believe in anything, do you?
And if you don't?
But that's living like an animal
Why keep harpin' on it? Come on, drink up. You got to get a little fun out of life. What's the matter with you? I'll play you some music.
All right, all right.. I shouldn't 've asked you.
I don't want it. But why don't you stay and finish your drink.
You're not sore at me?
For not being any help?
I thought I felt mean tonight. But I'm not I'm just all mixed up... .
It's fun dancing with your eyes closed. I'm floating. I'm floating... .
Why worry about me? You're the one who says only look out for yourself.
Why should I come hollering to you at all?
I can't let myself fall in love with you.
What are you going to do?
It was Johnny Friendly who killed Joey, wasn't it?
Look out for number one. Always number one. I should've known you wouldn't tell me. Pop said Johnny Friendly used to own you. I think he still owns you. No wonder everybody calls you a bum.
It's true.
Much more, Terry. Much, much more!
I I brought this for you, Terry. It was Joey's. Yours is coming out at the elbows.
Go ahead, wear it.
There's a hawk around. They're scared tonight.
I know... I know... .
Terry, what's wrong?
You?
Who says?
Terry what's happening to you?
Told him what?
You... .
Don't tell me don't tell me!
I had to, Edie. I had to see you.
You think I stink, don't you? You think I stink for what I told you?
Edie, listen to me! I want you to believe me. I want to be with you.
I don't want to hurt Charley I don't want to hurt you...
I know what you want me to do!
That word again! Why do you keep saying conscience, conscience... .
I keep hearing it and I don't know what to do..I don't know what to do... .
It's just a scratch. You won't die. She turns away from him.
Get away from me.
I didn't say I didn't love you. I said stay away from me.
Terry, I'm frightened. More and more frightened.
Charley.
I'll take it out of their skulls.
I'll take it out of their skulls.
Don't hang on to me. And don't follow me. Don't follow me. Call the Father. Ask him to take care of Charley for me. My brother. There's something I got to do.
Do what I told you. Take care of Charley.
Get out of my way.
Edie.
Thanks just the same.
But I feel like My friends won't talk to me.
Jimmy...
My pigeons... .
Every one of 'em... .
Farm...
You always said I was a bum. Well not anymore. I'm going down to the dock. Don't worry, I'm not going to shoot anybody. I'm just going to get my rights. Joey's jacket. It's time I start wearing it.
Terry...?
Why Edie, I
I wish I knew, Edie, But
Edie, I do what I can. I'm in the church when you need me.
Father Barry.
I'm afraid I spoke out of turn last night.
What happened? What happened?
Terry...?
They're waiting for him to walk in.
You said they was only going to talk to him.
I thought they'd talk to him. Try to get him to dummy up.
I figured the worst they'd do is work him over a little.
Come on, kid. I'll buy you a drink.
Working hard?
You don't mind working once in a while to justify this lofty position?
We got a little extra detail for you. The local priest and this Doyle girl are getting up a meeting in the church. We'd like a rundown on it. You know, names and numbers of all the players. You're nominated.
Johnny does you favors, kid. You got to do a little one for him once in a while.
Let me explain you something, kid. Stooling is when you rat on your friends, on the guys you're with. When Johnny needs a favor, don't try to figure it out, just do it. Now go ahead, join the congregation.
Nolan? I knew he had guts but
Thicker than water.
I've got to cover a bet there on the way over. Anyway, it gives us a chance to talk.
The grapevine says you picked up a subpoena.
Of course, the boys know you too well to mark you down for a cheeseeater.
You know, the boys are getting rather interested in your future.
They feel you've been sort of left out of things, Terry. They think it's time you had a few little things going for you on the docks.
Sure, that's all right when you're a kid, but you'll be pushing thirty pretty soon, slugger. It's time you got some ambition.
Maybe.
Boss loader!
And for all that dough I don't do nothin'?
Yeah yeah I guess I do but there's a lot more to this whole thing than I thought, Charley.
I don't know I don't know! I tell you I ain't made up my mind yet. That's what I wanted to talk to you about.
I know. I know.
Don't say that!
Don't say that!
I could have been better!
I tell you, Charley, I haven't made up my mind!
Four thirtyseven that isn't where Gerry G...?
Charley... . Charley... . Wow... .
Wow... .
...eightseven, eightyeight. What's it to you?
It wasn't him! It was you, Charley. You and Johnny. Like the night the two of youse come in the dressing room and says, "Kid, this ain't your night we're going for the price on Wilson." It ain't my night. I'd of taken Wilson apart that night! I was ready remember the early rounds throwing them combinations. So what happens This bum Wilson he gets the title shot outdoors in the ballpark! and what do I get a couple of bucks and a oneway ticket to Palookaville. It was you, Charley. You was my brother. You should of looked out for me. Instead of making me take them dives for the shortend money.
See! You don't understand!
You don't understand! I could've been a contender. I could've had class and been somebody. Real class. Instead of a bum, let's face it, which is what I am. It was you, Charley.
Okay I'll tell him I couldn't bring you in. Ten to one they won't believe it, but go ahead, blow. Jump out, quick, and keep going... and God help you from here on in.
The Joey Doyle thing. You know how he is. Things like that he exaggerates them. Too much Marquis of Queensbury. It softens 'em up.
When he got up and chased them they thought it was a dead man coming after them.
Why shouldn't we? If we c'n get it we're entitled to it.
It'll do.
I make it twentysix twentythree. You're fifty short, Skins.
You got a real friend here, kid. Don't forget it.
Drink up, Charley. We're ahead of you.
After what we been hearing about your brother, I thought your throat'd be kind of dry.
Thanks for the legal advice, Charley. That's what we always kept you around for. Now how do we keep him from giving this testimony? Isn't that the er as you put it main order of business?
This girl and the Father got their hooks in him so deep he doesn't know which end is up anymore.
I wish I knew.
What do you want me to do, Johnny?
Gerry G!! You don't want to do that, Johnny! Sure the boy's outa line, but he's just a confused kid.
Johnny, I can't do that. I can't do that, Johnny.
But my own kid bro
You mean to sit there and tell me that your local takes in sixtyfive thousand, five hundred dollars every year and keeps no financial records?
Well, where are they?
Doesn't it seem odd to you that five different waterfront locals were broken into last night and the only articles removed were financial records?
That's all. Next witness!
Talk louder. I can't hear you.
If I talk too loud it's the fault of the nuns.
When I was a mere spit of a lad on Ferry Street in Dublin the nuns used to say to me, "Nolan, don't be swallowin' ye words like fishballs. When you got something to say Talk with your mouth wide open," so if I'm loud don't blame me it's the fault of the nuns!
He just got a call from "Mr. Upstairs." Something's gone wrong. He's plenty hot.
I'd get over there, Terry. I'll take the little lady home.
You know Johnny when he gets mad.
She's not here.
She went out to check into skywriting. I can't believe you lied. Is this a genetic thing, men will say anything just to get laid?
It was an emergency. I only lied that night because it was the only way I knew to stop her. I knew if I didn't, I'd never see her again.
Do you know I wasn't even supposed to be in Rome? My boss was supposed to come to this conference, and at the last minute he got the measles. The measles. Who gets the measles at fortythree? So they sent me. And I wasn't supposed to be in that piazza that night either. I'd gone to the movies, only it was sold out. So I was wandering around. Just wandering... When I got hit in the head with this shoe.
Mania.
And if that's not destiny, I don't know what is.
I mean, realistically, what are the odds that this is a terrific guy?
That's the guy you've been waiting for all these years?
Oh, it's you. It's only Peter.
Sorry...
You miss me?...
No, why?
This is the last one before the wedding, right?
And we didn't have to bring another present?
Not only is it tacky, it's exploitation.
Sociologist. And because. Pawn shops are just like prostitutes, farm auctions and coal miners. They're all for sale, but none of 'em would be if they weren't desperate for the money.
Don't call me doll, Larry. I hate it when you call me doll.
You said it differently then.
What? You know him?
Are you saying you just made the whole thing up? The guy never even existed?
Went to high school with him. But...
It was a harmless little prank. Who in the world would've thought she'd spend her life waiting for this guy?
I can't tell her. She's called off her wedding. She'll never speak to me again.
He missed me.
Faith. Larry has something he wants to tell you about Damon Bradley.
She said she knew where to find him, and then she grabbed my car keys, and
She didn't give me a chance.
Kate.
No. Well, I don't know. Well, maybe. Later.
My friend is looking for her brother and she thinks this woman knows where he is. Can you tell us what she's saying?
A porco?
Oh.
Oh, hello. I just came by to see if you wanted to join me for a drink, but
It's siesta.
You see, in America they care for work, they live to work. But in Italy, they care for food, for love, for pleasure...
What do the years matter? I've known you for centuries...
I thank you.
You don't have to go if you don't want to...
You think I'm just one of those Italian Casanovas. The guys who try to seduce every woman who comes their way. Who prey on unhappily married women. Who lure unsuspecting
Huh?
I don't know, I guess I never really thought about it... Is Larry here?
I don't believe in statistics.
What about that guy you work with, Mike what'shisname?
How about the other one? His friend.
How about that guy at the bank?
Oh.
Don't tell me, Oprah did a show
It's a metaphor. It's women who always think there's some unknown out there that's going to be better than what's in front of them. And instead wind up with nothing.
I think if you're honest with yourself, you'll admit you've had a chance at a number of Amana appliances in your lifetime.
Yes. You know all the shrinks on Donahue say that all those love songs about some enchanted evening are just a cruel hoax that feeds people's fantasies.
So, what's your point?
No, Faith. They came out of somebody's imagination.
Yeah, well, Larry and his friends are hungry. And I did say I'd try to pick something up.
Is he married?
Is he gay?
So?...
What's he do?
You don't have any idea?
"Thrills"? That's what you're waiting for? You know how long that lasts? Besides, how do you know? Have you ever been out with him?
Why don't you ask him?
If you've never been out with him, how do you know you don't want to go out with him?
Yes you did.
Come on, it's not so bad.
I think it was sweet of him to pick it out.
But what?
That's the problem. When you're a kid you think life is gonna be like the movies. Dreams come true, the good guys win, people live happily ever after... all that crap. Turn.
Yeah. I guess you're right. I really like the wallpaper we picked out for the den.
I know. You're right.
I understand, Kate. What do you think of this garter?
Kate, is something the matter?
Is that bad?...
Have you seen him with someone?
After all, he is my brother, and I know he can be kind of a jerk sometimes, but I know him pretty well, and I really don't think
It's a coincidence.
It was my New Year's resolution to overcome it.
It's still the new year...
I have vacation time coming to me.
That's where you're wrong. I got one nine years ago. I just never had an opportunity to use it.
Would you stop saying that? I need you to do me a really big favor.
Of course not. I told him I was going to visit a great aunt. And don't tell Larry, either.
Look, I know you think this is irresponsible of me, but think how much more irresponsible it would be to marry the wrong person.
My God, you have...
You're just going to fly to Italy and start combing the streets?
A foreign land full of millions of Italian men... speaking Italian with Italian accents and those huge brown eyes and that silky olive skin...
Live happily ever after.
I keep it in the glove compartment in case of emergencies.
You okay?
Now what do we do?
It's called... the Gritty Palace.
I don't know... Maybe. Think of it as an adventure.
What?
Are you sure?
Well, we're here. And more importantly, he's here. We'll cut back on everything else.
You gave it your best shot. You tried.
I'll never meet the man of my dreams.
Just once more, so you'll be sure to know what to look for.
What are you doing?
You can't really blame him for being upset. It was an Armani suit.
I don't think he understood what you were saying. What's the airport number?
The guy at the desk said he only left about a half hour ago, right?
So, maybe his room hasn't been cleaned yet. Maybe there's something in there that might help us. Maybe they'll let us go in and take a look around.
What'd you find?
A rich, possibly fat, slob.
We're not looking to arrest the man, Faith, we're trying to locate him.
We're saved!
A phone message. Only
Only, it's in Italian...
What was I gonna do? Tell him the truth?
The book said they have a lot of rail strikes in Italy.
We would've had enough gas to get us there if you hadn't gotten us lost. Besides, a kilometer is less than a mile.
I'm hungry.
What's that supposed to mean?...
You expecting somebody you know?
Sorry.
I don't know, Kate. I just said that. I'm sorry. I'm just on edge. I'm afraid we're losing him.
'Course he does.
That was a long time ago.
He went out and bought himself men's cologne the other day. Did I tell you that?
Polo.
Her brother.
What did you say to her?
What's she saying?
You're right. At least that way you could spend the rest of your life blaming your parents instead of yourself. Smile.
You've travelled over six thousand miles and now you're gonna play hard to get?
I told you. If he sees me here with another guy, he's gonna think I'm here with another guy. I just don't want to send any confusing signals.
Because I'm the one who's single.
Sure you did.
Okay, okay. You join him. But first will you ask if he's here?
Oh my God. Where?
Is he looking at us?
Right, right... Okay.. You don't think he's gonna think I'm too aggressive?
Right. Okay... It's meant to be right? This is it.
What?
Well, nobody can say we didn't try.
And then what, Faith?
That was really sweet...
I think it's time we got some professional help.
No... Like a psychiatrist.
Yeah. Sociopaths. They're able to figure out what you want them to be and then they act like that.
Men have ways.
Hi. Where've you been?
Packing.
Because I've been kidding myself. Because I realized you were right from the beginning. This whole thing was just a wild goose chase.
A little bad luck?
Why do they read kids fairy tales in the first place? Children are very impressionable, you know.
I thought you were the one who didn't think I should've come in the first place.
It was a ouija board, remember?
Yeah, well, obviously it wasn't meant to be. I've got fortyeight hours. I can still make it home in time to marry Dwayne and try to forget any of this ever happened.
Peter? Peter was a mistake. An imposter.
Who said I was going?
I'm just not ready to go home quite yet, that's all.
You sure you'll be okay?
I'll be back before you leave.
Yes. Isn't that amazing?
He's down in someplace called Positano. Peter says we can make it there by morning.
Is Damon Bradley here?
What if he doesn't like me?
My God... you're right.
Kate. Thank God you're there. I need help.
Not only is he a momma's boy and a fascist, he says "nuculear" and "irregardless".
And he is living proof.
Maybe I can change him.
Maybe if I kiss him I'll feel it.
He's a jerk.
I spent my whole life waiting for a creep.
I came all the way to Italy in search of a weasel.
So...
Kate is that you?
I didn't expect you back so soon.
Actually, no. There's not going to be a wedding.
Well... I ought to be getting home anyway. The kids'll be back from camp soon. The house is probably a mess.
What about Larry?
I'm fine. Have you seen Peter?
Larry, did you rent a car?
Uh huh.
Beautiful place...
Been here long?
I just got here, too. Not yesterday. But, just now. Today. Just a few minutes ago. Yeah, we just got here... I mean, I just got here. I'm single.
Tonight?
Well, not exactly...
Sure.
I'll look forward to it.
Wait.
Aren't you going to tell me who you are?
It's a pleasure to meet you, Faith.
Brunello di Montalcino, '85, please.
Really?
Well, to new friends.
Excuse me?
Don't worry about it. You're my guest.
Hmmmm... Well, the scampi sounds good...
So what do you think?
Faith, this is my mother.
Mommy, this is Faith.
A few times. It's kind of an annual tradi
What?
That's not the point.
That was before I found out what it was.
I'm in love with you.
You're limping.
Are you okay? You want some help?
You are leaving, aren't you?
If it's any of your business, yes.
Yes.
Yes.
He's safe.
Does he love you?
You didn't answer my question.
Because I'd like to think at least one of you feels that way. Does he know who you are?
What?
There must be something I can do, something I can say to make this up to you?... Just tell me what it is, I'll say it. I'll do it. I don't want you to hate me.
So?
What about the oasis in the desert? Are you telling me that was a lie?
Don't you see?.. We're not the ones who are meant to be. You're the man of somebody else's dreams.
Fine. Okay. Forget me. Leave me out of it. But don't go throwing your life away on somebody you don't love.
Why not?
I went back to that restaurant and I spoke with his waiter, just on an off chance, you know, and, anyway he knew the name of the guy's hotel. So, I called there, they said he left yesterday. But, apparently he comes here every year, always follows the same route. He always goes from here down the coast to the Le Sirenuse hotel in Positano. I called. And they told me he's checked in.
It's in the south. I've still got my rental car. I can get you there by morning...
Look, I know there's no going back for us. That's not it. I just want to make this up to you. Clear my relationship karma. And I know the area, I've got some cousins down there. Please. Let me do this for you. Let this be my gift to you.
Because I want you to be happy.
He likes to read... Did he mention anyone in particular?
Tell me.
Please. I need to know.
Mickey Spillane?
He's out by the pool right now.
Oh, and I forgot to tell you. He's here with his mother.
NO.
Hi.
You found him. I don't know how to thank you.
Oh. That's nice.
And she's a knockout, too.
Anyway, that's why I came by. I need to fix this button. Do you have a needle and thread?
Just to that place down at the bottom of the stairs. Nothing fancy.
You too.
What?
Thank you, Peter. Thank you so much.
What are you doing here?
You were saying...
Say, I saw where they had motor boats for rent down in the harbor. Why don't we all go for an evening cruise around the bay?
Why are you doing this?
So were you.
Well, what about books? You like Hemingway? You gotta love Hemingway.
How about music? You like classical?
Well, how about those old romantic movies with those great stars, huh? Like Audrey Hepburn.
You okay?
I guess he turned out to be kind of a loser, huh?
I feel like the world's biggest idiot.
No, it was more than that. It was very generous of you. It was very kind.
No. Course not.
Hi. Are you... busy?
No. I just came by to apologize.
I know the feeling.
You aren't?
Well. Congratulations.
Are you asking me out?
In that case... no...
I just need to run up and get my bathing suit.
Is something the matter?
I'd call that a yes. Do I get a hint?
There's no such thing.
Reptilian swine. There's no such thing. Reptiles aren't swine.
I don't know what you're talking about. Who told you that?
Alright. The truth is... I thought we had something here.
And I can't believe you are so stubborn and so blind as to let some stranger, some phantom you've never even met destroy it.
I sabotaged it? You're the one who lost him, remember?
As I recall, you were on your way home. And I didn't want you to go so, yes, I told you a little white lie.
What would you call it?
Don't you think you're overreacting just a little here? We're talking about love, okay? Let's be rational.
Yes. I'm crazy. You have driven me crazy. No one in their right mind would go to this much trouble to win over someone as insane as you. Did it ever, even for one second, occur to you how much work it was to set all this up? How many arrangements had to be made? How many players had to be coordinated?
Very funny.
Really?...
And this is the thanks I get. I did you a favor. You never wanted to marry that joker in the first place.
If you had wanted to, you'd have gone home.
There is no us.
I brought you that, too.
Dwayne Pinsley? I'm trying to reach Dwayne Pinsley.
Who's this?
Oh, hi. I'm an old high school buddy of Dwayne's. I was in town this weekend, was hoping to stop by and surprise him. But I've gotta catch a plane so I'm afraid I'm not gonna be able to make it.
My name's
Damon Bradley...
WAIT!! Where are you?
Uh in case Dwayne wants to try to reach you.
Where are you going?
Venice? I love Venice. With the boats, right?...
You...
Before you start picking your nose, I know he put you up to it.
No, you gave a very convincing performance. And you'll be pleased to know that your eightbyten glossy is now on display at the local playhouse.
Congratulations.
So, this is what you do? I mean when you're not playing other parts?
It's an amazing place, don't you think?
Smoking or nonsmoking?
Lots of history. For example, did you know, according to legend, this coastline used to harbor Sirens?
Beautiful women who could lure men to their destruction with their singing. Nobody's ever really seen them and lived to tell about it. But, I don't know. An awful lot of ships wrecked on those rocks.
Wait. I have to write this down.
Don't be stupid, Larry. If he's my destiny, then, obviously, he has to be alive.
If I live here, then he lives here. Fate wouldn't make a mistake like that. And stop talking. You're gonna ruin the spell.
Okaaaaayyyy.
No.
Faith, this guy you think is Mr. Right, he's... not what you think
But, Faith
I'll bring it back as soon as I can.
What?...
Ask her if she knows where he is?
No.
Ha un numero di telefono?
What's mezzaluna?
That's it. That's it. That's all I need to know. Bless you, thank you, thank you.
Oh no. Do you?
I'm a liberal!
My car bumper has never held a winning sticker.
Nothing you could say would change the way I feel.
Except possibly that.
Dwayne?
I don't get it. She hasn't seen her since she was a kid, now just because she's dying, all of the sudden she's gotta see her again?
Let's face it. Sooner or later we all die.
Who's dying?
What great aunt?
separate, in the evening..."
My hair's kind of a mess, isn't it?
But... just to be sure, maybe we ought to shatter each other's unrealistic images of perfection. You know, each of us admit something embarrassing about ourselves.
What?...
Oh, right. Dwayne. You're engaged to Dwayne?
You're sure...
Good.
Sure But, before you do that, since we're putting all our cards on the table, I have a confession to make, too.
You're sure...
Yes. We did.
What?
What is it?
My friend has lost her fucking mind...
She's trying to find out where she can rent a loudspeaker.
So she can drive through the streets of Rome paging the man of her dreams.
Really. She thinks he's here. Even though she's never met him. Even though she's never laid eyes on him.
Were they pen pals?
Is he some kind of celebrity or something?
Did he do some anonymous good deed for her?
Buona notte.
Mr. Bradley left about a half hour ago. He said his plans had changed unexpectedly. Would you prefer an interior or exterior room?
I'm very sorry. Perhaps you misunderstood?
Once they pay the bill, we don't usually follow them.
Why?
He said he thinks a woman he works with knows him. Her name's Anna. But she won't be in 'til tomorrow.
May I see your boarding pass, please?
I'm sorry, but without a boarding pass we can't let you on the plane.
You don't understand. The man I'm supposed to marry is on that plane.
You didn't have that with you before. Prima non l'aveva con se.
He is your husband, no?
Si.
No, she wasn't my sister.
Of course not.
Look, she wasn't a relative, okay? I don't know who she is.
Shhh... let's move it away from the window...
What's that?
That!
Is he one of the loonies?
Are they dangerous when they're awake?
Smells like piss. Is this real, Candy? Is this really real? I mean we are in an insane asylum, an' I wanna know how we got ourselves into this scene.
Not exactly, Miss. Not exactly.
Well, Miss... I would say... I would say, yes. Yes, he's crazy.
Is he in an asylum?
Oh, I see. He was a very sick man. Very sick.
I don't know anything about that, Miss. I would have to examine you first...
Well, I'm running a risk by letting you in, Miss. You know I'm runnin' a risk of gettin' my black ass fired. If you understand what I mean...
Oh, yeah...
Don't you sweet talk me you ol' spook, you!
Oh, there you are, Mister Turkle.
Is everything all right?
The lights were flashing on and off, Mister Turkle.
At this hour?
What are these men doing up wandering around?
You've been drinking on the job again, haven't you, Mister Turkle!
I want those men put back to bed, Mister Turkle!
And you haven't heard the last of this!
Stand aside, Sam, Nature's callin'.
Don't know if I can hold it that long, Sam.
Who do you like in the opening game, Sam?
Asshole.
Shit, man, tha' ain't even worth considerin'.
Now you talkin'.
Bet you ass...
What kind of crap is that???
Ya fuckin' coon, you're not on the ward now!
We got your black ass now, Washington, wanna bet another twenty?
Hey, Billy, stop cryin'. You don't have to cry... You ain't got nothin' to be ashamed of. She ain't gonna tell you mother... stop crying...
Yes, sir, it's a mighty nice fall day...
Yes, ma'am...
I'm sure you will.
Oh...
After you, ma'am.
Make yourself at home, Mister McMurphy...
Hi.
That kind of behavior will get you a P.A. rating, my friend.
Potential assaultive.
Hit, you say? Well well well and with a king up, the boy wants a hit. Whadaya know. So comin' at you and too bad, a little lady for the lad and he's over the wall and down the road, up the hill and dropped his load.
Yeah!
Yeah, how much you wanna bet?
That me an' my buddy, Cheswick, we'll be downtown tomorrow watchin' the ballgame while you suckers are sittin' around this goddamn nursery!
Why, my head would just squash like an eggplant, McMurphy.
Yahoo, let's'play ball!
Hey, Martini! Psst! Scanlon! Ya dumb goons, come back here! Come on, let's get 'em!
I don't have any.
How's your ass been holdin' up, honey?
Oh, yeah...
Hi ya, big boy? How's it goin'? Like it in here?
Who is he?
Are you a doctor?
Well, listen to this. He got mad at me one day. Boy, did he get mad at me. He took the light bulb, ya know. I thought he was going to cram it right up me, ya know. But he ate it. He ate the whole fucking light bulb. Now, tell me! Is he crazy? Tell me! Is he crazy?
What?
Okay. How you doing?
Hey, how ya doin'?
What are they?
Please follow me.
You know, I never got your name.
You comin' in to hold my hand?
Yeah... Well, see ya around, Itsu.
Prayin', brother. Prayin'.
'Kay...
Our prayers have been answered, Turkle! Our prayers have been answered!
I tell ya, there's an angel of mercy standing out there, Turkle.
Come an' see.
You's better believe it, brother!
Now, wouldn't you pray for twenty bucks, a bottle booze an' a piece of that angel cake?
I'll be very glad to show you around, Miss...
Got a cigarette?
Hey, how's it look up there, big boy?
That right?
Gimme those dice. I'll blow this board to pieces. Here we go... Lebenty leben, count me over eleven, Martini...
Okay. Who else?
Yeah, what's up?
No!
Yeah, buddy?
No, 'fraid not...
I want you to write me a letter to my brother for a hundred dollars to bury me.
I'm the next one.
Because I quit breathing.
You think it's funny, huh?
Put your money where your mouth is, Taber.
You want me to show ya! You want me to show ya how!
All right!
You're on!
What's going on?
Bullshit. You ain't got no way out!
Yeah!
Ten bucks.
Out. It's the way out. So just keep it in your minds if ya ever wanna make use of it.
Somebody's coming!
Yeah, take us back to the dumbwaiter, Mac.
Yeah, we'll miss breakfast!
Shhh. Hold it down! I'll take you guys down, but ya gotta come right back up! 'Kay?
Shhh... Remember this is a privilege, so I don't want none of you goons fuckin' up. Kay?
'Kay, let's see... Cheswick first ... then Billy... Martini... Scanlon... Sefelt... Fredrickson... Taber an' the Chief... 'Kay
Shhh!
Stay back! Patients aren't allowed to enter the... Oh, stay back!
Your medicine, Mister McMurphy.
It's just medication, Mister McMurphy, good for you. Now down it goes...
Don't get upset, Mister McMurphy...
Man, there sure is an awful lot of poontang around here.
Oh, what's that?
Oh, do you do much fishing?
Yup! Worked right outta Depoe Bay for just about every season since I was able to haul my own weight.
McMurphy, Doc. R.P. McMurphy.
Oh, what was that?
I see.
In what way?
I see...
Yes... Ah, do you know why you're here?
Well, according to the Warden at Pendleton, you were a disturbing influence on others. 'It appears that there is a potential in him for instigating a revolt among the other inmates.' What do you think of that report?
Arrested on an assault charge five times...
The doctor at the prison states: 'Don't overlook the possibility that this man may be faking psychosis to escape the drudgery of the work farm...' What do you say to that?
Ah, it seems you have no other psychiatric history, Mister Murphy?
Well, you're here for a ninetyday observation period, Mister McMurphy. I'd like you to understand you are here on a court order and we are responsible to the state. So, I'd like your cooperation!
Good. Good.
It is worth considering... Miss Ratched?
Just fine, Doc... In fact, I think I might've put on a couple of pounds since I got here.
Come on, Doc, you know as well as I do what's been comin' down in that loony bin.
Shoot, Doc, the only one I'm disturbing is that old nurse and her fixed ways. That's all.
Come on, Doc, you must be kiddin'.
Jesus, that old nurse sure wants my ass in a sling, don't she!
Guidance and assistance! That's insane! Doc, ya gotta help me.
When?
Candy. Candy, over here. Hey, Doc, time out.
Time out!
Replacement coming in! Harding out!
No. Me! Me!
Me, too! Me, too!
Me too! Me too!
Yeah, it's cold!
My turn.
Jesus God...
Gary Blinker's fulla shit!
He is!
Can you borrow me a dime?
'Kay, place your bets.
That's a dime, Martini.
Whadaya bet, Cheswick?
Hit me.
Hit me!
Yeah, an' I'm tellin' ya, she's just an icyhearted overthehump gal who never got enough of the old whambam to straighten 'er out... Okay, who wants a card?
You need four houses on every lot of the same color, Martini. Now let's go, for Christsakes.
Right!
Psst! Hey, Martini, wake up!
Byebye.
No! I wanna go!
I saw 'em! I saw 'em.
Okay, Martini. That's okay. Now you watch me.
What's he talkin' about?
Just wait till you hear...
McMurphy killed two attendants and escaped...
Yesterday...
Gary Blinker...
No!
No!
Gimme a cigarette!
Why not?
Martini!
What are you doing?
Well, say, buddy, is that the usual procedure for those Group Ther'py shindigs? Bunch of chickens at a peckin' party?
That's right, buddy. And you want to know who pecks the first peck?
I'm not talking about Fred Yoong or Maxwell Jones, buddy, what I'm talkin' about is that crummy meeting and what that nurse did to you!
Did to you and all the rest of you guys.
She ain't peckin' at your eyes, buddy.
Tell 'er to go to hell anyway!
What for?
Lobotomy?
Is that your sense of humor or are you tryin' to say somethin'?
You boys seem to think you've got a champ in there, huh?
Hell, I couldn't get it up over old hatchetface if ya paid me!
What's the use! Hooee! It'd do you birds some good just to get a little exercise lifting your arms to vote!
It is to me! An' if I hafta bust way outta this place to see it, I will!
That's between me an' myself. So why don't you boys just shove off. I got some planning to do.
You mean you're going to try to pick that thing up and shove it through the window?
With your own two hands?
Twentyfive dollars.
Okay, sucker.
Giving up?
He can't hear you!
So why are you talking to him?
It doesn't help him.
Ya owe me twentyfive bucks.
I'm busting outta this place.
What's your plan, Mack?
Ya deaf! I said pass the ball!
I was open! Come on, let's play ball!
I refuse!
No!
I just started!
I don't trust you!
Hey, Harding, wake me in an hour.
Yeah, Harding, where do you breathe anyway?
I'll bet a dollar.
Neither do I...
Yeah, my feet are cold...
Christ, they even got my first grade report card here...
Ya know what, Fred?
It's the questions she asks.
Which gets you shipped up to Disturbed for a nice little zap job.
What? What?
What?
Mine, too!
He's a big flounder. Could weigh two, three hundred. You got to lift him in with a winch.
Like hell we will! We got the muscle standing right here. All we need is a couple gaffin' hooks and some rope.
What for?
That okay. I'll take your marker. How many ya want?
I second the motion!
Let's go, for Christsakes...
Ha! Did ya see that! Hey, Cheswick!
Come here!
Let me get on your shoulders.
Hey, Cheswick! Wake up!
I'm leaving. Goodbye!
Shhh...
Shhh... That's for me to know an' you to find out.
They went that way.
Right, Mack!
Yeah!
Hey, what's that?
I dunno. Where do ya wanna go?
Come here a minute, Cheswick. You, too, Sefelt. Hey, all you guys, come over here, I wanna show you somethin'.
Are they all crazies?
What? Where?
Wow! They're so quiet.
It's okay, Rose. You can go with him.
Shit, Rose! What's there to decide? There's only four of us.
Go with him, Rose. Go with him.
Say it again.
Say... God Bless America!
Goddammit, you sly sonofabitch! Does anybody else know?
Shit! This is too much! Chief, I tell you we're gonna bust outta this place an' make it all the way to Canada before they know what bit 'em.
Ya like that, Chief, huh?
Yeah, well, well, well. 'Bout time the rest of the world got a gander at Big Chief Bromden cuttin' down the boulevard, stopping just long enough for virgins... Oh, man, I tell you, I tell you, you'll have women trippin' you and beating you to the floor...
Shhh, Chief, don't talk. Never talk! Remember, this is just between you an' me. Do ya understand?
HHHearts.
What's your name, buddy?
Well, put 'er there, Billy boy, my name's McMurphy.
YYYou mmean ththe prpresident of the PPPatients CCouncil?
HHHarding, the mmman wwants to ttalk to you, yyou're the prpr pr...
What did I see 'cept a grown man gettin' whipped so bad he can't laugh anymore.
Some of us hahahave bbbeen here a long tttime, Randle, and will b bbe here long after this WoWo World Series of yours is ohohoh, what's the use anyway...
Stand aside, son. Any more takers?
Thththen yyyou're nnnot mm mad?
Ooooh...
'Kkkay, Mack!
Wwwwhat is it, MMMac?
Whwhwhwh...
So long suckers.
Come on, don't crap out on me now. We got two buddies out there!
Fuck Miss Ratched!
Yyyes, a bbbus!
III'm wwwet...
Your horses are hungry, That's what she did say, Come sit down beside me, An' feed them some hay. My horses ain't hungry, They wontt eat your hayayaeee...
Yeah, kid?
'KKay, MMack!
HHHelp!
What is it, kid?
Hhhow's it gggoing, Mack?
WWWe hheard yyou wwere nnever cccoming back!
IIIII'll ggggo, MMMack...
Whatsamatter, kid, what's botherin' you...?
Marry who?
Candy? Hell no, Billy, she's just a good friend, that's all...
In ya go...
It's okay, kid. Everything it going to be okay... I'll come back an' getcha in a while... 'Kay...
Pppplease duhduhduhduh tt tell, MMMMiss RRRatched, yy you don't need to!
Mister Washington, why don't we get a good head start on the day by shaving Mister Bromden and see if we can't avoid a disturbance.
Yes, Miss Ratched?
Yes, Miss Ratched...
Yes, Miss Ratched...
Mister McMurphy!
Will you come with me, please.
My name is Miss Ratched. I'm the head nurse here. You've already met Miss Pilbow and Aides Washington and Warren.
We do appreciate the way you have taken it upon yourself to meet the other patients.
This is your bed. You may leave your things in that cabinet.
Please use your time to familiarize yourself with your new home and if there is anything you need to know, don't hesitate to ask us.
All in good time, Mister McMurphy. All in good time.
Good. Now if you'll just go along with Mister Washington, he'll see that you're properly oriented.
Just that I'm glad to be here, Miss Ratched. I really am.
Yeah, you ain't half so bad looking for a head nurse.
Yes, ma'am. Lead the way, Sam.
Yeah, well, it just pains me somethin' awful to see a full growed man sloshing around in his own water...
Mister McMurphy. Patients aren't allowed in here.
Pardon me, ma'am, can I ask you somethin'?
How 'bout turning off that music for a while so a man can hear himself think?
Well, say, how 'bout easin' it down a bit so a man don't have to shout!
Sorry to have bothered you.
That's all right, Miss Pilbow, if Mister McMurphy does not wish to take his medication orally, he may...
Mister McMurphy, patients are not permitted to run around in towels.
On this ward?
Oh, I had them removed.
Patients are rationed to one pack of cigarettes a day.
Well, say. How 'bout springing a pack of cigarettes loose?
You sure run a tightassed ship 'round here, don't ya!
Yes, Mister McMurphy.
Certainly, Mister McMurphy.
I'm not finished yet.
'Kay, item two. Tomorrow, and listen carefully to me, you dinga lings. Tomorrow is the opening game of the World Series an' what I want is to take a vote on switchin' the group meetin' to later on in the day, so we can watch the ballgame.
Yeah?
The hell with the schedule, you can get back to the schedule next week when the series is over. What I want is a vote on it right now!
No way.
Jesus Christ, the man doesn't want to talk, so get off his back an' let's get on to some new business.
Yeah, yeah, the hell with that crap! The World Series is goin' on right' now an' that's therapy also!
What the hell does that have to do with it? This is an important event and I want a vote on it!
Very well. What is it you're proposing, Mister McMurphy?
A vote is before the group.
Everyone in favor of changing the schedule raise his hand.
I'm sorry, Mister McMurphy, I count only eight.
But there are eighteen patients on the ward, Mister McMurphy.
I'm sorry, Mister McMurphy, but you must have a majority to change ward policy.
Mister McMurphy, you are deliberately violating the rules!...
You men remain seated!
Yeah, ya should've come along with us, Miss Ratched, an' gotten a little sun on your cheeks and maybe caught a fish or two.
Yeah, that's kind of crazy, ain't it!
Mister McMurphy.
Welcome back.
I hope everything is settled.
Good. Why don't you join us?
Miss Ratched, would you please save a space for my aunt? She's comin' down from Portland.
Thank you, ma'am...
Yes. Good luck, Mister McMurphy.
Mmmma'am?
Nnnnnno, ma'am.
Yes, Billy?
Was it your idea to visit her on Sunday?
Tell us about it...
What was it about her that disturbed you so, Billy?
Billy, were you afraid of her, or of her love?
III...
You should have thought about that before you brought that woman in here!
I don't want your mother to believe something like this but what am I to think?
Billy, that girl couldn't have pulled you in there forcibly...
Who? Tell me!
Get up, Billy.
Nnnnduhduhduhplplplplmuh muhmuh...
At the close of Friday's meeting, we were discussing Mister Harding's problem, concerning his wife... Mister Harding stated that his wife made him uneasy because she drew stares from men on the street. Is that correct, Mister Harding?
He also thinks he may have given her reason to seek sexual attention elsewhere, but he didn't say how. He has been heard to say to his wife, 'I hate you, I don't ever want to see you again. You've betrayed me.' So. Does anyone care to touch upon this further?
Yes, Miss Ratched, this is correct.
No, Miss Ratched...
Yes, that is correct.
I can only speculate as to the reasons why.
No secrets, Mister Harding. Let's get it all out in the open...
Yes, Mister Harding?
Yes, Mister Harding?
No. Mister Harding, that is not true.
Yes.
What?
So?
What book?
I haven't got a book down my trousers.
Okay  what if I did have a book down my trousers?
Which floor?
Are you sure you...?
Oh. Right.
I'm sorry. Which hospital?
Oh sure. Of course.
Fabulous.
Even he. Hey, you couldn't help me with an incredibly important decision, could you?
That's right  I'm at last going out on a date with the great Janine and I just want to be sure I've picked the right tshirt.
Well... wait for it... First there's this one...
Point taken.
Yes  she might think you don't have true love on your mind.
Well, yes, that's perfect. Well done.
Good luck.
It's not yogurt  it's mayonnaise.
Imagine  somewhere in the world there's a man who's allowed to kiss her.
Hey.
Just incidentally  why are you wearing that?
There never will be, you know, unless you actually clean your clothes.
There's something wrong with the goggles though...
Groovy. You should do more of this stuff.
Yeh, I wrote a couple down.
You want me to write down all your messages?
Ahm let's see  ahm. No. Gone completely. Oh no, wait. There was  one from your mum: she said don't forget lunch and her leg's hurting again.
Absolutely not.
Well, it was genuinely bizarre... she said, hi  it's Anna  and then she said, call me at the Ritz  and then gave herself a completely different name.
Absolutely no idea. Remembering one name's bad enough...
What?
Does 'Flintstone' mean anything to you?
No, 'fraid not.
That's compared to, like, earthquakes in the Far East or testicular cancer?
Thanks for your help on the glasses thing.
Sort of.
Aha! I'd been getting a female vibe. Good. Speak on, dear friend.
I don't mention that Anna's a vegetarian, did I?
Oh my God... Hello.
Spike.
Maybe.
Yes.
Yes.
Spike. For God's sake  she's in trouble  get a grip.
Spike!
I'll talk to you in the morning.
I wouldn't go outside.
Just take my work for it.
Get out, Spike. I'm so sorry.
Well, there are. And we don't need to go anywhere near that far. My best friend slipped  she slipped down stairs, cracked her back and she's in a wheelchair for the rest of her life. All I'm asking for is a normal amount of perspective.
I suppose I might have told one or two people down the pub.
What's going on?
No. You can't bin these. They're classics. I'm not allowing this.
Let me help. We don't want all this shit cluttering up our lives.
Yes  I was looking for Anna Scott...
No, no. She doesn't.
Oh right. I mean, I am a friend  I'm not a lunatic but  no, you basically...
Hello.
Ahm, look this is a very odd situation. I'm a friend of Anna Scott's  and she rang me at home the day before yesterday  and left a message saying she's staying with you...
No, that's right  I know that. She said she's using another name  but the problem is she left the message with my flatmate, which was a serious mistake.
And then double it  and that is the  what can I say  git I'm living with and he cannot remember...
How about Miss Flintstone?
Or Bambi... or, I don't know, Beavis or Butthead?
Right. Right. Fair enough. Thanks.
Hello, Anna ahm... Scott  have some wine.
That is a cheap question and the answer is, of course, no comment.
No, it doesn't.
Definitely no comment.
So I get the brownie?
You didn't know she had a boyfriend?
Bloody hell, I can't believe it  my whole life ruined because I don't read 'Hello' magazine.
Buggered?
Really?
She's perfect, perfect.
That's not fair.
Wait a minute  I'm your brother and I don't know anything about this.
Any more announcements?
There's an understatement. There are dead people on better form.
So  you've laid the ghost.
Don't give a damn about the famous girl.
Which means you won't be distracted by the fact that she's back in London, grasping her Oscar, and to be found filming most days on Hampstead Heath.
So not over her, in fact.
Great. Excellent. Thanks.
Shall I go get a cappuccino? Ease the pain.
Cappuccino as ordered.
Who? Someone famous?
Topol.
But Ringo Starr doesn't look anything like Topol.
So it could have been neither of them?
Right. It's not a classic anecdotes, is it?
Right  want another one?
Martin  your customer.
I have to disturb you when you're cooking the books, but there's a delivery.
But it's not for the shop. It's for you.
Excuse me  it's your mother on the phone.
I actually tried that tack  but she said you said that before and it's been twentyfour hours, and her foot that was purple is now a sort of blackish color...
Pleased to meet you. Did you like the film?
Well, fire away.
I did.
Well, you tell me which bit you liked most  and I'll tell you if I enjoyed making it.
I agree.
'Horse and Hound.' The name's William Whacker. I think she might be expecting me.
If you'd like to come with me we can rush you through the others.
Mr. Thacker's from 'Horse and Hound.'
Yes?
Are you a fan of Henry James?
Ahm... room service.
Well, yes  usually  I'd just changed to go home  but I thought I'd just deal with this final call.
I'll see what I can do.
Absolutely. Ice cold still water.
No, I'm sure it'll be fine.
Right.
What's your name?
Hi guys. Oh holy fuck.
Have we got something for you. Something which will make you love me so much you'll want to hug me every single day for the rest of my life.
The phone number of Anna Scott's agent in London and her agent in New York. You can ring her. You think about her all the time  now you can ring her!
It is great, isn't it. See you tonight. Hey, Marty sexy cardy.
Good move: when all is said and done, she's nothing special. I saw her taking her pants off and I definitely glimpsed some cellulite down there.
Me?
Well, yes. Groovy.
William has just turned down Anna Scott.
What happened?
Is this your first film?
Of course it is. Any favourite among the 22?
Da Vinci?
Of course. And is he your favourite Italian film director?
I'm sorry I'm so late. Bollocksed up at work again, I fear. Millions down the drain.
Hello, Anna. Delighted to meet you.
Shame!
If anyone gets in our way  we have small nuclear devices.
Where's Bella?
Well, obviously it's me, isn't it  I work in the City in a job I don't understand and everyone keeps getting promoted above me. I haven't had a girlfriends since... puberty and, well, the long and short of it is, nobody fancies me, and if these cheeks get any chubbier, they never will.
Yes  sort of...
What?
It was sort of sweet actually  I mean, I know she's an actress and all that, so she can deliver a line  but she said that she might be as famous as can be  but also... that she was just a girl, standing in front of a boy, asking him to love her.
Is Miss Scott staying here?
He's cooking guinea fowl?
Bella  this is Anna.
Still loves you though.
I never fancied you much actually...
Oh no  this is just getting worse. I am going to find myself, 30 years from now, still on this couch.
Why not  all that awaits me at home is a masturbating Welshman.
Tony  what do you think?
Yes, I think that one may be.
Anna Scott?
The movie star?
Oh God. Oh God. Oh Goddy God.
C'est la vie... We're lucky in lots of ways, but... Surely it's worth a brownie.
... get fired.
Yes, they're shifting the whole outfit much more towards the trading side  and of course... I was total crap.
Miracles do happen.
He wouldn't say.
That's right.
Where are you going?
Crazy. Go along Bayswater...
Is that right?
I can't say I know Patrick all that well.
Well, no  I'm sure he was friendly  to Demi Moore  who acted with him in 'Ghost.'
Yes.
What's your name?
What does it say?
Nice one. Would you like my phone number?
Yes...
Really  don't do that  I'm sure this is not his job.
Thank you, Bernie. Hey  nice surprise, or nasty surprise?
Liar. She hates surprises. What are you ordering?
Well, don't overdo it. I don't want people saying, 'There goes that famous actor with the big, fat girlfriend."
Fine.
Really?
I think the man who wrote it has actually been to Turkey, which helps. There's also a very amusing incident with a kebab.
Sorry about that...
Yes, we couldn't stop him. If you can find an unsigned copy, it's worth an absolute fortune.
Here, let me help.
No thank you. I need to get my car back.
Okay. So what does 'just over the street' mean  give it to me in yards.
Would you like a cup of tea before you go?
Coffee?
Orange juice  probably not.
Really, no.
No.
No. I better be going. Thanks for your help.
Thank you.
Oh hi. Forget something?
Oh right.
Thanks. Well...
Don't worry about it. I thought the apricot and honey business was the real lowpoint.
Right. No one. I mean, I'll tell myself sometimes but... don't worry  I won't believe it.
Hello. Hi. Hi.
Oh hi. It's William Thacker. We, ahm I work in a bookshop.
No, I've never played anything cool in my entire life. Spike, who I'll stab to death later, never gave me the message.
Perhaps I could drop round for tea or something?
Right. Great. Classic. Classic.
Hello.
Sorry about not ringing back. The whole twonames concept was totally too much for my flatman's peasized intellect.
Right. Ahm... the film's great... and I just wondered  whether you ever thought of having more... horses in it?
Obviously. Very difficult.
No, it's my fault, I thought this would all be over by now. I just wanted to sort of apologize for the kissing thing. I seriously don't know what got in to me. I just wanted to make sure you were fine about it.
I'm just a complete moron. Sorry. This is the sort of thing that happens in dreams  not in real life. Good dreams, obviously  it's a dream to see you.
Are you busy tonight?
Well, it was nice to meet you. Surreal but nice.
Ahm. That thing I was doing tonight  I'm not doing it any more. I told them I had to spend the evening with Britain's premier equestrian journalist.
Okay  fine.
No, I mean, if it's fine with you, I'll, you know, be your date.
If that's all right.
Okay.
You'll have to prove it. This is a great brownie and I'm going to fight for it. State your claim.
Floppy, huh?
Why is she in a wheelchair?
And the pregnancy thing  is that to do with the accident?
Too complicated.
Busy tomorrow?
I was.
Let's go in.
You abide by rules like that?
Whoopsidaisies.
Nothing.
No, I didn't.
I don't think so. No one has said 'whoopsidaisies,' do they  I mean unless they're...
Exactly. Here we go again.
Step aside.
She left me.
She saw through me.
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have done that. I shouldn't have done that.
I'm rash and I'm stupid and what am I doing with you?
I don't know either.
There seem to be lots of reasons why I shouldn't.
To be able to do that is such a wonderful thing.
Why?
Your boyfriend?
I'm sorry... I don't know what to say.
Hi. Can I come in?
I don't know where to go. The hotel is surrounded.
Thank you. I'm just in London for two days  but, with your papers, it's the worse place to be.
Don't think about it. We'll sort it out. Now what would you like  tea ... bath...?
I'm really sorry about last time. He just flew in  I had no idea  in fact, I had no idea if he'd ever fly in again.
I don't know. It got to the point where I couldn't remember any of the reasons I loved him. And you... and love?
I have thought about you.
Just anytime I've tried to keep things normal with anyone normal  it's been a disaster.
Yes  start in L.A. on Tuesday.
Would you? It's all talk, talk, talk.
I'm a difficult but brilliant junior officer who in about twenty minutes will save the world from nuclear disaster.
'Message from command. Would you like them to send in the HKs?'
'Very well, captain  I'll pass that on straightaway.'
Eleven.
Cartwright.
'Certainly. And little Johnny?'
Yup.
Brilliant. Word perfect I'd say.
Gripping. It's not Jane Austen, it's not Henry James, but it's gripping.
I'm sure you'd be great in Henry James. But, you know  this writer's pretty damn good too.
And I think the book is the poorer for it.
I do. It feels like how being in love should be. Floating through a dark blue sky.
Yes  happiness wouldn't be happiness without a violinplaying goat.
Yes. Always have had.
No. What's that?
The thing that's so irritating is that now I'm so totally fierce when it comes to nudity clauses.
Definitely. 'You may show the dent at the top of the artist's buttocks  but neither cheek. In the event of a stunt person being used, the artist must have full consultation.'
I could have a stunt bottom, yes.
Definitely. Ths is important stuff.
Actually, Mel does his own ass work. Why wouldn't he? It's delicious.
Both.
Well, thank you. Anyway  time for bed. Or... sofabed.
Oh please sod off.
No! No. Wait. I... thought you were someone else. I thought you were Spike. I'm delighted you're not.
What?
You and every person in this country.
What is it about men and nudity? Particularly breasts  how can you be so interested in them?
No seriously. I mean, they're just breasts. Every second person in the world has got them...
But... they're oddlooking. They're for milk. Your mum's got them. You must have seen a thousand of them  what's the fuss about?
Rita Hayworth used to say  'they go to bed with Gilda  they wake up with me.' Do you feel that?
Her most famous part  men went to bed with the dream  and they didn't like it when they woke up with the reality  do you feel that way with me?
Oh.
Stay forever.
What?
Oh my God. And they got a photo of you dressed like that?
Jesus.
How do you think I'm doing?
I do. Your furry friend thought he'd make a buck or two telling the papers where I was.
Really? The entire British press just woke up this morning and thought 'Hey  I know where Anna Scott is. She's in that house with the blue door in Notting Hill.' And then you go out in your goddamn underwear.
You do?
I know, I know  but... just  let's stay calm...
That's spectacularly unfair.
Now stop. Stop. I beg you  calm down. Have a cup of tea.
And remember  Spike owes you an expensive dinner. Or holiday  depending if he's got the brains to get the going rate on betrayal.
You're right: of course, you're right. It's just that I've dealt with this garbage for ten years now  you've had it for ten minutes. Our perspectives are different.
Excuse me?
You really don't get it. This story gets filed. Every time anyone writes anything about me  they'll dig up these photos. Newspapers last forever. I'll regret this forever.
I only found out you were here yesterday.
It's not going very well  and it's our last day.
But... wait... there are things to say.
Drink tea  there's lots of tea.
Hello.
Yes  I'm sorry  I had to leave... I didn't want to disturb you.
Fine. Everything much the same. When they change the law Spike and I will marry immediately. Whereas you... I've watched in wonder. Awards, glory ...
I thought I'd give it to you.
No, don't open it yet  I'll be embarrassed.
I actually had it in my apartment in New York and just thought you'd... but, when it came to it, I didn't know how to call you... having behaved so... badly, twice. So it's been just sitting in the hotel. But then... you came, so I figured... the thing is... the thing is ...
You were saying...
But yesterday... that actor asked you who I was... and you just dismissed me out of hand... I heard  you had a microphone... I had headphones.
Sorry about that.
... can I just say 'no' to your kind request and leave it at that?
The truth is...
I see. That reality is a real 'no,' isn't it?
Okay. Fine. Fine. Good decision.
And what would you say...
That's very good news. The readers of 'Horse and Hound' will be absolutely delighted.
I'm an actress.
Well, they can be.
Films mainly.
Fifteen million dollars.
We are living in cloudcuckooland  we'll never get this done today.
Oh, stop showing off.
I'm not listening.
I said I'm not listening  and I think, looking at something that firm, you and your droopy little excuse for an 'arse' would be welladvised to keep quiet.
'Tomorrow will be soon enough.'
Who was that rather difficult chap you were talking to on the way up?
Wait a minute. What about me?
Well... a shot at it.
I'm delighted.
Now you're lying.
No!
Hi.
I wonder if you could tell me where the...?
What do you think of the guinea fowl?
Oh God.
And you. I'll wait till you've gone before I tell him you're a vegetarian.
Accident my ass. I thought this was supposed to be straight talk in here.
Uh, fourteen.
This is stupid.
In the name of Elric, Prince of Elves, demon begone.
I go to bed and get a new horse in the morning.
Yeah? What did we ever do?
Oh sure. That's just the sorta thing parents tell their kids: "Goodnight honey. Don't forget ot say your prayers. Oh, by the way, your father and I torched some maniac last night."
Where...here?
Me too.
Cooling down.
Don't worry, it won't come to that.
Frankly, I don't understand why some grad school superstar is being treated like a seasoned pro.
Elizabeth, we don't need any outside help. I know these kids. I don't want some hotshot taking chances with them just so she can get published.
Today I'd like to start by getting us acquainted with our new staff member, Nancy Thompson. Let's make her feel welcome.
There will be no repeat occurences of last night's events. From now on, your doors will be locked during sleeping hours. We'll begin a policy of evening sedation. For everybody.
I know what it is. I just can't believe what I'm hearing. What has she talked you into?
I won't allow it.
I'm sorry, Neil. You brought this on yourself.
Of course.
A sad choice.
Mary Helena.
I come from time to time. When I'm needed.
Only one thing can save the children. The unquiet spirit must be laid to rest. It is an abomination to God and Man.
This wing's been closed for years. What was this place?
The whole facility was shut down in the Forties, wasn't it? Some kind of scandal...
My God.
Freddy.
You said something before...about laying him to rest...?
In there. Charlie Penny owns the place. We knew no one would ever find it. I'm not even sure I can find it again.
They used to keep a spare key.
What are you talking about?
What was that?
Listen.
No. We're alone.
And what are they?
We'll begin sedation tonight. Starting with him.
That's precisely what they need. Some uninterrupted REM sleep to release all this negative energy.
I'm Taryn White. I only came here because it was a better deal than juvie hall. Also, I guess 'cause I'm going through some very stange shit.
Hey, everybody has bad dreams.
Freddy Krueger. He was a child murderer before he died. After he died, he became ...something worse. Six years ago Freddy killed my friends. He almost killed me. I thought I got rid of him  but I guess he was too strong.
Sshhh. No time for that. Come on.
What about Kristen?
Tell me about the kids.
But nightmares are the common thread?
Anything?
Oh God.
I wouldn't be so sure they haven't.
I've had some experience with pattern nightmares.
Call it a passion. I've got to get going.
Ms. Thompson.
Only if you call me Neil. What was that nursery rhyme all about?
You're late.
Well, we've got
All I can say is this isn't something that's just going to disappear. you're all going to have to face it. Fight it. And if you're willing to work together... wiling to stand up to your deepest fears...I think we can beat it.
Never been here before?
Most authentic Mexican food in Springwood, which isn't saying much. your parents still live around here?
Sorry.
Sounds like a rough time.
I've been to Pittsburgh. Does that count?
Okay...I believe in different levels of conciousness, that sort of thing...but if you're into UFO's or Atlantis, you've lost me.
That's a new one. Is that what they're teaching now at Stanford?
The nightmares are nothing but a symptom of their real problems.
With Hypnocyl?
You want me to prescribe an experimental psychoactive drug to a bunch of suicidal teenagers?
Dream deprivation is nothing to fool around with. you have no business taking it yourself.
So do I.
I'm sorry, Nancy. The answer is no.
Do you think we can get the Hypnocyl in by tomorrow?
To who?
C'mon. Let's get out of this rain.
I'm running out of answers. A patient sleepwalks out of a security ward up to a tower with no access. A girl, alone in a room, dies by jumping six feet straight up into a television set. Nothing makes sense anymore.
For what?
Try me.
I can do that.
Remember  open mind.
Take us there, Kristen.
We can try again.
We made it. Neil, we made it!
Take it slowly. Remember, this is a dream. Anything is possible.
What are we going to do?
You're not going in. That's exactly what he wants. As long as you're on Hypnocyl, it's the only way he can get to you.
Bullshit. Getting yourself killed won't do the kids any good. Besides, we do have a choice.
I've heard crazier things this week.
The question is, what happened to Freddy's body?
Who would know where they were hidden?
Nancy...
Oh Christ. Simms put Kristen in the Quiet Room for the night. They sedated her.
Neil, it's no use. You saw how he is.
Well, if it isn't my little girl... come to visit her Daddy.
Yeah, but here you are. How'd I get so lucky? I thought you were trying to forget I was alive.
Fred Krueger's dead. You always had a little trouble understanding that, Princess.
I think we can stop him this time. Stop him for good. But we need to know where the bones were hidden.
People are still dying. After all this time. Stop running away from it. Daddy, please...don't make me beg. You owe me.
Nancy...
But I couldn't go until I told you how sorry I am for all the things I've done.
Say listen, Doc. I got a new theory about all these suicides.
Fucked up chromosomes, man. Think about it. Their parents all dropped acid in the Sixties.
Shit, that's what keeps people alive.
A little basic, but nice.
This is Phillip. We call him The Walker.
Max, where's Kristen?
Puttin' in soem late hours, I see. If you're trying for O.T., you're in the wrong place.
Restless. Very restless.
Thanks, Max.
But Max, she needs me. It could mean life or death.
It'll be my last chance. Pleese?
Thank you.
Can't be good news coming from you.
So?
What?
I don't do that shit.
Those are ancient history.
Stay out of my face or I'll go straight to Max.
Fuck off.
I  I think so!
But...it's just a house I've dreamed about. I dream about it all the time. Thank you for what you did last night.
When I was a little girl. Three or four. If I had a nightmare, I'd bring my Dad in. The dream would always get better. He always used to tell me about it the next day  he used to think they were his dreams. NANCY When did it stop?
It's an amazing gift.
He's real.
Sure.
I was on the team at school. I was never very good, though.
Yeah, but I was really not good.
You did it the other night.
You never lose a gift like that. You just forget how to use it. How about it? Will you try?
He's heavy in the halls...
How do we find him, Kristen?
I don't know.
He's too strong! He was never this strong!
They sedated me. We're stuck here till it wears off.
Are you okay?
He's gone. It's over. Please don't die, Nancy. Please.
What's happening?
I'm glad things have worked out for you.
The city that never sleeps. So what will you do now?
To old friends. And your new dreams.
It was great seeing you again. I'm glad you dropped by.
Yes. I'm going to see her tonight.
No, she's right.
Don't fucking humor us. We're not in the mood.
So what do we do about this creep?
You didn't think we'd let you go alone?
Kincaid  we should find the others first...
Girl, what are you doing?
I can see that. You watch too damn much TV.
Oh, right. You're gonna be a TV star.
If Simms catches you in here after lights out, she'll chew my ass ragged.
Jennifer
If you get caught, I never saw you. Deal?
Good morning, Jennifer.
How's your hand?
They're healing up nicely.
Don't hold your breath.
Hi Mom.
I thought I'd wait for you.
It's okay, I'm not tired. Really.
He's full of shit.
And you don't want to keep him waiting.
Honey, you'll wake the whole neighborhood!
What are you still doing up? It's past one.
Well, I'm home now, so you can go right to sleep. C'mon, angel.
I had such an awful dream.
Can't it wait till morning?
Mrs. Parker, was Kristen acting different? Did you notice anything strange before she made the attempt?
Did she always have nightmares?
I'm serious.
Just some answers. There are other kids involved, its not just Kristen. All good kids, smark kids.
I'm sure you would.
I'll need to take her things.
I'll get it. Please, I don't mind.
There's a Jesse on the phone.
What's that?
You're going out?
We're going up to bed now.
Hi, guys.
I got your invitation yesterday. Thanks. Any cute guys gonna be there?
Yor dad picking the music again?
'Morning.
Jess?
Eggs?
You okay?
I know it's warm... I wish you'd call someone to check out the air conditioning, Ken.
Okay, I guess.
Maybe we should call a doctor.
I'm not taking drugs, Dad. Can I go to bed now?
Jesse, please, let's talk about this!
Morning.
Fine.
How come?
Aren't you afraid somebody could steal your car like that?
Hi! You didn't have to wait.
You okay?
Let me look at your eye...
Who, Grady? Grady's alright, he's just a hothead.
Yeah.
I know.
Yeah?
Uhuh. Before my time.
Traumas of a tenyear old.
That's typical. I hope she didn't expect to make the best seller list with this thing.
Wow...
Something Grady told me today about the people that lived here last. Girl went crazy  saw her boyfriend killed in the house across the street...
World History. But, I'll see you in the morning, right?
Only it was more like, you know, sleep walking. All I know is I woke up on the cellar floor next to it.
Who?
No. Never. You think that's what it is?
Sorry. Schneider id it to me again.
What's all this.
At first I wasn't sure because you said that you never had anyting like last night happen before. But I found out that most people have the potential for tuning in to "the other world" and neve do. It has something to do with the environment  like they have to be in a place that's sending signals.
You don't have to. You just have to believe in energy.
Yeah, I know...synapses neurong...
I don't know  into the air I suppose.
What about "essential energy" the soul. Does that go into the air too? You think there's a good energy and a bab energy?
It's a surprise.
Remember in the diary  Nancy said that she kept finding herself in a boiler room? Fred Krueger worked here. It's an old power plant  a steam generator!
What's this?
What do you mean?
Any ghosts in here?
Well, what am I supposed to do?
I feel like a jerk.
Anything?
Disappointed?
About not finding any bogey men?
Yeah?
Now, there's an idea we can take off on. Maybe we should drive out to the beach tonight and lay out a couple of blankets and... Until I fall asleep.
Nancy went bonkers from this thing. You wouldn't be afraid of being out on the beach with a potential lunatic?
What is it  What's wrong?
What is it?
It's gone now.
Will you stop and tell me what's wrong?
you didn't say more than two words to me the whole way here. You had another nightmare, didn't you?
You want to talk about it?
You should eat something  you'll feel better.
I wish you'd talk to me. We can figure it out, you know. We can figure it out together.
I think I better go. I'm just not into it tonight. I'm sorry.
Will you leave me alone? Please.
What are you gonna do? How are you gonna help? I'm losing my mind. I don't want to have you watch me fall apart.
We'll figure it out together. We'll stay up all night if we have to. I won't let anything happen to you.
I killed him! I killed him!
I killed Grady. I killed Grady, Lisa. I killed Schneider. Oh my God, he's inside me...
he's just waiting to take me. When I sleep.
Fred Krueger. He's been trying to get hold of me, to use me. He needs me to get out of his world into ours...He's gonna take me again.
You created him  you can destroy him. He lives off your fear. Fight him, Jesse!
Hi.
What's so funny?
How much longer you figure he'll keep us out here?
Get outa here.
What about it?
She's a neighbor, I drive her to school.
You got a problem with me, Grady?
So, you live around here.
Elm Street? You telling me you moved in to that big white house with the bars on the windows?
Shit, you can tell your old man he's a real chump.
They've only been trying to unload that dump for five years. That place is bad news. Some chick was locked in there by her mother and she went crazy. She watched her boyfriend get butchered by some maniac in the house across the street. Her poor drunken momma took her own life right inside your front door.
It was okay.
My Dad. He played in the minors for a while, when he got out of college.
Schneider shouldn't have called you out on that double.
Schneider's always got a stick up his ass.
Only the wet ones.
He must've been working late and some fruitcake came in and sliced him up like a kielbasa. In the shower! Left bloody footprints all over the...
Shut up, Grady.
I'm sorry...
You gotta let me stay here tonight, Grady.
Listen to me, Grady, this is serious. Something really weird is happening. It started out like just bad dreams but it's getting real bad.
I'm scared, Grady. I know it sounds crazy. But, there's something trying to get into my body.
Look, I don't care if you believe me or not...
No! I don't know  everything's all mixed up. What difference does it make? I'm in trouble here. I need your help.
Just watch me. If anything weird happens  like if I start dreaming weird or try to walk out of here, you gotta try to bring me out of it. his me over the head if you have to. Just don't let me leave.
It's happening again.
I'm Jesse now, Lisa.
Jesse's dead, Lisa. Freddy's here.
Where's Jesse?
I want him back. Jesse, talk to me. Jesse!
Jesse's dead! I sliced 'im real good!
He's dead, you bitch.
He can't hold you Jesse. He's losing his grip  you can get out.
Don't tell me it's not the gas! Your mother thought she smelled gas.
Alright then, what is it? Bird rabies? That cheap seed you've been buying?
What is it then? There's got to be an explanation. Animals just don't burst into flames for no reason!
Ken!
Are you nuts or something? What the hell is that going to do?
You got your room straightened out yet?
We've only been living here six weeks now. I want that room unpacked by tonight.
Dad's fixin' something again. Hit the deck!
That's Lisa  I gotta get to school.
Where are you going?
I told you I want that room unpacked.
No. Upstairs.
It's not the gas, Dad!
You set this all up, didn't you? One of your sick jokes?
You know what I'm talking about. What did you use, a fire cracker? A cherry bomb?
And you don't know anything about a murder across the street and a crazy girl who lived here  who saw the whole thing?
Did they tell you she went totally out of her mind  that they had to put her away? And that her mother killed herself in our living room?
Specifically.
<i> Now and forever...</i>
<i> You're so stupid, think now  If we blow him up to smithereens, We may lose some pieces and then Jack will beat us black and green.</i>
<i> Shut up and listen...!</i>
Maybe he doesn't know...
<i>  A box?  Is it steel?  Are there locks?  Is it filled with a pox?  A pox!  How delightful, a pox!</i>
<i>  A bow?  But why?  How ugly!  What's in it?  What's in it?</i>
<i>  It's a bat.  Will it bend?  It's a rat.  Will it break?  Perhaps it's the head that I found in the lake.</i>
The deadly nightshade you slipped me wore off, Sally... I thought I'd find you here....
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
I know.
I'm grown up now. I have to leave some time.
I can't help it.
I do the best I can to make it comfortable for us here.
But I guess my best just isn't good enough.
Just what?
Coming...
What trail are you trying to throw me off now?
Taste it.
Taste it.
Why not?
There's nothing more suspicious than Worm's Wart  it distracts one from every other taste and smell.
Whatever it is, it's none of your concern.
Can't you make other creations?
Uhhuh.
When he left, he took a lot of equipment with him.
Experiments?
Barrel.
<i> Jack said we should work together.</i>
Not at all!
He sure is big, Jack...
Where're we taking him?
By name.
<i> I wish my cohorts weren't so dumb.</i>
<i> I've got something, listen now, This one is real good, you'll see. We'll send a present to his door Upon there'll be a note to read.</i>
We followed your instructions.
He <u>has</u> to know...
Hi. I'm Tracy and I'm sixteen and I'm a gymnast and I don't have a boyfriend...
Duh.
Well, a ball player.
Are you having fun?
Good. Gibby gave me champagne.
Wow  I
Hey Montyyou think we'll get any business today?
I think maybe people are scared off by the tiki torches.
I thought people just wanted their mail delivered on time.
Relax, Monty. It's just my sister.
I know, like five chickens had to die just so she could look that stupid.
Nah uh.
It's really hard to do. Some kids try for all ofhigh school and never make it.
We're very evolved.
Who are you guys?
You so do not deserve to be prom queen.
What?
Why?
The poem! I knew he liked the poem! Billy Prince is asking me to the prom.
Hi, everyone. I don t think we've met. I'm Sam Coulson although for some reason the school has this thing about not letting you guys call me Sam.
Whoa. Deja Vu.
Dorothy Parker
I love the way she writes.
But I think she wanted to be happy, that's why she wrote. I mean, she was still writing about love, right?
Sure, why?
Well, I'm definitely seventeen and now definitely late
Oh I don't think so.
Thank you.
College. Haven't really thought about it.
Oh no no no no no. See, my family, we don't go to college. We just go right into sheep herding.
Thanks. Wow. That'sreally nice to hear.
This seat taken?
Are youscared?
You're afraid of the Ferris wheel.
Oh right. The Spiderman incident.
Of course. I remember everything from your class.
Don't look down!
That's what makes you interesting. As a teacher.
You do. Seem to. Have passion. In the classroom.
I don't have to say that.
I know.
Why do you do that?
That's okay. It's nice to have someone to talk to
I shouldn't say that, because I'm your teacher.
When are you going to open your eyes?
You're really doing a great job here, Josie. I like your "can do" attitude.
Maybe distant cousins. They did have that egg shape in common.
That's sad, isn't it? He had to sit on that wall all by himself. He deserved to have somebody.
Yeah. To watch the world go by.
Our penguin, right?
Yeah, actually I do.
What! ButI wasn't even going to go to college
Ohyikes!
Wow. You believe in me that much
Josieyou make a really beautiful prom queen.
Proms always make me sad. They're so final. Graduation. Everyone's scattering, moving on.
No, I'm alone.
Sohave you thought anymore about Dartmouth?
"Surprise!" you were doing a story on me?!
What? Happy? Why? Because it turns out all along that I was allowed to be attracted to you?
Goddamnit, Josie! Drop the act. Do you have any idea what I went through every night because of you?! I was attracted to a 17 year old! When I wasn't taking cold showers, I was trying to figure out what the hell I was going to do when I couldn't teach anymore! I thought I was the one being unethical.
You set me up. For a story. You know what's crazy? I was actually considering waiting for you.
Now I don't want to! I bought all of your penguin crap. I thought I found herthe right one! And the problem was she was too young! No  the problem wasshe didn't even exist!
The person I cared about wouldn't have done this. Everything out of your mouth has been a complete lie. I don't know you at all. For all I know you could hate Dorothy Parker.
Please. Please don't walk away.
I told you you could write, Josie Geller.
That is soweird that you name your car.
Okaaaay.... That car's going to bankrupt you.
Because I bought the windshield last week. I'm a hubcap away from owning more of Bambi than you do.
No, it is. It's just one more thing to add to your "things that make you a better person than me" list.
See!
I'm not going to college, Jos. And I'm not playing anymore baseball. This is my life.
Someday this luau is going to be all mine!
Oh yay! And then I could be as happy as you!
It's just for a couple of months.
I'll give you my Buick Le Sabre.
I got an assignment from the paper. I'm going undercover. Back to high school.
Do you remember high school?
Don't you remember what they called you?
I know. I came up with it. You look nauseous.
Are mom and dad here?
Good.
I can't do this.
Gus insists that I become friends with these kids. The popular kids. It's impossible.
Rob, you don't know how it was for me back in high school. No one ever threw juice boxes at you in the hallway. You never dreamed about being popular you already were. All I wanted was to be accepted, and they just fucking tortured me. I can't do all that again. I can't go back to Southglen South.
Rob. Please focus.
Don't you realize how much I wanted to be you in high school? Just for one minute to feel what it was like to be popular?
Is that true?
Look, don't you wanna show them  Gus, Billy Prince, yourselfthat you're not freaked out by the cool kids anymore? That you can go in there, be friends with them, and get your story?
Plus, if you quit you're no better than me.
That's the spirit!
No. Josie, this is real.
This is it Jos! This is my ninth inning! The game isn't overI just thought it was! I get on the Southglen baseball team, the right scout sees me I'm into the minors it's game time!
With the reading comprehension of a fifteen year old! Plus, I'm popular... You want to be popular... I can recognize a cry for help when I see one.
Really? Rob, that girl is sixteen.
She's sixteen years old, Rob. That's totally and completely illegal.
Rufus?
Thanks. And what are
Robthanks. For everything. This is really happening. I never thought
Josie, finally. I just wanted to come over and make sure you're okay.
No not really, Josie. NOT REALLY. How could you do that to me? I helped you. I got you everything you wanted. And how do you repay me you blow everything TWO DAYS before pro scouts come to see me play. Once they had seen me really play they wouldn't have given a shit about my age.
No, you weren't. Don't you realize the only time I was really happy in the last five years was when I was playing ball with those guys?
No, shut up, Josie. Just shut up.
Maybe because we're not supposed to be having sex with bananas.
Wow. That's big. I mean sex is a really big deal. You shouldn't do it until you know you've found the right person.
But I'm not a penguin.
I'm Rob's prom date.
Are you in special ed?
Dude, you rock!
Yeah, you gonna be there?
Hey. There.
I already checked. There are some pretty serious couples in there.
Yes. I'll go. Yes.
You know what? Why don't you just pick me up here? We could all share a limo.
You having fun?
Heywhat are you thinking about?
My sword.
Josie, you rock my world. You're like the most amazing girl I've ever dated. You're so smart and fun and crazy! You rock my world.
Computer's down. Septuplets story. I need it back by five. Hopefully the copy's not a mess.
Well, excuse me for caring about words.
How many times have I fired her?
Eh.
Yeahthe blind foster home mother. It was good. I got Cahoon on it.
Geller, we've been over this. You're a great copy editor. Maybe my best copy editor. You're not a reporter.
You know what separates us office flunkies from the reporters?
A flack jacket.
Every Tom, Dick, and Harry thinks he can write. But a journalist gets in there, right where the bombs are. He's aggressive. Grabs the bull by the balls.
Geller, you don't want a reporter's life. They're verymessy. You're all about order. Control. And getting me my copy by five.
Don't worry, I'll straighten all this out.
Geller, this is way out of your league.
You're a sick puppy, Geller.
And you're leading with the terrible truth about cole slaw?!
Geller...you wanna be a reporter? Take a look at what sells! Sex scandals. Bribery. People jumping off buildings. So unless a kid just killed himself because he was being paid to have sex with the school mascot in a big vat of this cole slaw, you got nothing!
Oh. Right.
Kristen got a quote?
Have you been there?
Have you been to any parties?
This is where the stories are. You are going to become friends with these people. You are going to party with them. You are going to hang out with them on weekends. When they go to prom, you are going to be in their same damn limo!
Do you even know these kids?
Get to know them. Very well. Your job and my job depends on it.
OUT!
No, it's the Great and Powerful Oz. Now listenyou're in over your head. This is how it's gonna work. I review the tapes, I find your story.
I bet Good Housekeeping would go gaga over the cole slaw piece.
You're crazy. I can'tI can'tno. No.
He's my teacher!
There is no lid! Nothing's going on between Sam and me. Coulson. Mr. Sam Coulson and me.
You already pitched this to Rigfort?!
Maybe I could talk to Rigfort, you know, tell him the whole story.
That'll teach me to wear white after Labor Day.
I think it's pronounced gauche.
Josie, you have totally transitioned.
You crossed over.
Why?
Do I want to be crunched?
Hey Josie who did Archie date Betty or Veronica?
Don't tell me... You're Medieval Barbie.
Hey Josie. It's Josie, right?
wait, rewind. Do you really think she hookedup with our Rob? They're sodifferent.
Wannabes. Kirsten transitioned last year.
OhmyGod. You totally ripped off my Malibu Barbie idea.
You guyswhat is the one thing that could ruin my senior prom?
George! What are you doing here?
What is this?
Wings?
I'm not doing this until I speak with Gus.
Roger in Op/Ed.
You did. Yesterday you said, and I quote, "I have a date with Roger from Op/Ed tonight and I'm going to do it with him."
Intra office. And they're not dating. They're having sex.
Okay. Remember when they took your office chair in for repairs and forgot to return it?
You stood for like a month.
I swear to God, Jos. When is the last time you went on a real live date?
Do you own any colored underwear? Stripes? Anything?!
Look. You're way under 30, you're cute, some guys find white Carter's underwear sexy If you talk to his nose, you don't even notice the eye.
Yeah, but sometimes kissing the losers can be a fun diversion.
Okay. If you've never kissed a guy, we got bigger problems than the underwear.
My own undercover feature  "Written by Josie Geller".
You don't think I can do it.
Okay, just so I'm clear here  neither of you think I can do this.
Anita, when you wanted to seduce the guy in the mailroom and you didn't think you could learn Spanish fast enough, who quizzed you on your verbs?
And Gus  when you picked up knitting, who showed you how to hold the needles?
Anita, remember espadrilles?
The girls threw them at me in the locker room.
At the end of the yeat the person who got the most direct his to my head got to toss me into the pool.
Now this is cute.
So I was thinking about what you were saying  y'know, about really being kissed? I think Roger could be the one.
Bridgework?
How about this?
Cuuuute!
And we're going to have to do something about your hair.
Jos, please try and have some fun here, okay? How many of us get to go back to high school? You're gonna have a blast!
JOSIE +++$+++
Yeah, but I'm okay. I've got some work to do.
No, thanksI'm doing this on my own.
It's great! They're behind you. They feel like they know you.
Well. I like a man who gets to the point.
If you say so.
I thought this was a 45minute seminar.
Now look. Let's focus. Prom theme. We need a new idea.
Well excuse me.
Oh, man! Who told?
YOU DID.
Gus, have you ever been in love?
Oh give it up, Gus. I'm just making conversation.
You should go out every now and then, Gus; with some new ties the girls would be all over you.
Listen, I don't have any plans you want some help?
Nope.
I'm Josie. Aldys is an interesting name.
Try being named after a guitar playing pussycat.
guess. Although, what is truly awful is that with the combined intellectual effort of every kid in that room right now
Well, do you?
Nice.
Until Guy tells them to go. Once they watched me for like two hours. I found my car the next day in the T.J. Maxx parking lot.
: Because he's Guy Perkins. Listen, you want to walk to Na Na's and get something to eat?
Yeah  isn't it amazing that those guys are our same age? I mean, they just seem so much younger, you know.
I'm going to be so happy to get to college. I hear at Northwestern they don't make fun of you for knowing the element table.
So what are your hopes, your dreams, what do you want to be?
Just so you know, I think they recalled these cars in 1974.
Sure. No problem.
Petty good.
College?
What is with this school and prom?
Aldys, don't miss your promit only happens once.
What's that?
Sometimes I wonder what they talk about.
I mean, what if they just stupid to hide the fact that they're actually brainiacs with super powers and they're plotting to take over the world and make my life hell until I die?
Are you kidding, Josie? It's lame. All they do is stand around and get drunk. It's lame.
Yes, it's lame.
Exactly.
uhh, must have forgotten
Remember, that poet that we liked the reading he's doing at Big Cup? I got us tickets.
I'm late for lab.
Last night. 7:30. Big Cup. I kept calling you, but I only got your machine. I don't even know your parents line and I was really worried.
It's romantic, what you're doing, and they want to be a part of it.
Peter... What do you think you're doing?
Who?
Like what?
Get up.
How are you at riddles, Peter?
What the fuck kind of questions are those?
His name's Armitage. He's very anxious to meet you.
Because you've exceeded your shelf life, Case. Word on the street is you're a dead man walking. Nice time for an employment opportunity. Travel to exotic locales.
You want to hear the pitch, you gotta meet the man.
... a friend of mine's gonna get herself killed. I need my clip.
Then, fuck you. I'm gone.
Since Armitage sold them a program on it. Put them years ahead of the competition.
Couple of months.
For someone else. Bodyguard. Courier... Whatever.
I know who he isn't. Not C.I.A. Not Sense/Net. But... money comes in. Doors open. He's onto something.
What's that supposed to mean?
What?
Hey... you're not supposed to be up.
Almost two days.
We'll find out soon enough. If you don't pull the splices out.
Couple of days. They'll examine you.
The way I feel, believe me, it'll help.
What the fuck... are you serious?
I'm going in.
I'm not jacking with Armitage and his quacks breathing down my neck.
I'll show you how to tell what's going on. If things go south, you unplug me.
On a good run... yeah.
When I was fifteen Sense/Net iced my old man's credit record over some computer error. Once that goes down, that's it. He lost his business... everything. It destroyed him. I had to hustle arcade games for chump change. Dixie McCoy found me, figured I was a natural. He taught me the wires for a piece of the action.
Sure. I finally pulled a run on my old man's credit file when I was seventeen... only it was too late for him.
Suicide. I just needed to set the record straight.
Won't that mean you're dead?
Dixie McCoy didn't.
Okay fine. Let's get this over with.
...Yeah, but the Hosaka's history.
Don't fuck with me. I don't want to hurt you.
Put the gun down, Case.
Case...
Case... it's four a.m.
Yeah.
They'll cut you down.
Give me five minutes.
Not when Sense/Net throws the going away party. They'll be on our asses from now on.
Yeah... Yeah, I'm fine.
I'll be okay.
Le Vingtieme Siecle. We're meeting Armitage there for the midnight floor show.
Yeah. One exotic son of a bitch named Riviera.
That's risky gear. It can drive you schizo.
I know.
Once I kicked, I swore I wouldn't let that happen again. I apprenticed a razor girl in Osaka. Went into hock for the implant and got my reflexes jacked up. Been taking care of myself just fine ever since.
When they did my eyes, I made them promise I'd still be able to cry. Sounds stupid, doesn't it?
Is he going to make it?
The code's some riddle of 3Jane's. Once I'm in the matrix, you'll just have to take a shot at it.
Then you and Maelcom get out of here before the place is crawling with guardsmen.
No we don't...
Or a little selfindulgent to say the least.
What is it?
You're out of time, man.
Hold on.
There's no call for violence. I've simply accessed your memory for a spokesperson. You use that gun and it will only create another inconvenient interruption. You see, you've been avoiding me, Case.
You set me up from the beginning. It was you that got Julius killed.
And Linda...
I'm gonna burn you to the ground, you son of a bitch.
Shut down your ice patterns. I'll take you out.
Why would you want me to kill you?
I think you're full of shit.
I hope you can show more than you did when you let the Yakuza butcher Linda Lee.
Hello, Case.
Flight's in the morning. You should be on it, too. There's nothing for us here, Case. There never was.
People are talking. They say the Yakuza has a contract out on you.
This time it's different. Someone ripped of a shipment of hallucinogens. Five grams of liquid ketamine. It was supposed to be Jo Jo's score.
Too many places. You're playing tag wish some kind of death wish, Case. I'm sorry but I'm not sticking around for the funeral.
I don't know. I don't know...
Case.
What about the mainframe's access code?
Wait... You hear that?
The angels... I think they're calling your name.
No!... No...
Right...
You're Dixie McCoy's construct. That makes you something special.
What?
I need its matrix coordinates, Dixie. I've got to nail that thing where it lives.
A guy who calls himself Armitage.
Nobody has.
No problem, amigo.
Those guys couldn't even find their own dicks with tweezers and a magnifying glass. Tell you what, Bro. I'll make you a deal. I help you nail this A.I., you gotta do me one favour.
When we're done, erase this friggin' tape.
How are we doing?
Can you take me to it?
Doesn't look like much, but that's King Hell ice, man. Fry your brain out soon as look at you.
You cruise A.I.'s, you end up on tape.
It ain't getting any prettier, that's for sure. I got the I.D. on this Armitage character. He a bright boy, your friend?
That's pretty good cause he's only working with one lobe.
Wintermute could have infiltrated that machine. Reprogrammed him.
So it does business through a brain dead marine and runs the stock market for funding. That means Wintermute hired us to fry itself. It doesn't make sense.
No. It's gotta be more than that. That hard wiring also keeps it from getting too smart. Too powerful.
The run is tomorrow night, Dixie. Can you crack its ice pattern?
Where the hell have you been?
Well, it ain't exactly a bed of roses down here. We gonna run or not?
Yeah, but it ain't doing us any good. The way this is set up, I can't run shit unless I get inside its perimeter... and this goddamn thing would see me comin' from a mile away.
What are you talkin' about?
It'll flatline your ass.
Yo.
Slow, but good. I got a nice safe blind spot going. C'mon.
How long, Dixie?
Not good enough, man. They planted something inside me. I'm on my own countdown.
Less than thirty minutes.
Don't worry, Dix. I'm on a roll.
You're late.
One minute eighteen and counting. What about the access code?
You haven't got it?
This thing's loaded with internal virus systems. You'll fry like an egg in there.
I'm getting too old for this shit. One oh four and counting.
I'll get you there. Your problem is making it alive.
Founders of Zion. Builders of Freeside.
Steppin' razor a warrior. But this man... ...This man stone crazy. Surely, the Mute is a false prophet. Our paths uncertain.
All things possible in Babylon.
So be it, we cross into Babylon like a cool breeze.
We're doing fine. Take the next right.
Case, mon, you just tell me who not to kill.
Four men. Babylon soldiers.
Ready?
Do we have enough fuel to make it back to Earth?
We're dead men if we go back there, Maelcom. They'll hunt us down.
Jah guides us.
Hey, bro.
Case... Yeah, Miami Joeboy, quick study. How you doing, kid?
Last I heard you cracked Sukura International. I couldn't believe it.
Jesus Christ, Kid. Nobody's ever cracked Sukura.
Ya learned good. So, what's happening?
Nothin'. Not a goddamn thing. What the fuck...
Sure, Kid. It's a firmware construct.
Ah, Herr Case. And how is the artiste tonight?
I saw your girl yesterday.
No girl? Only biz, my dear artiste?
You're pleasant tonight.
Yeah.
I prefer distrusting you. It'll keep us honest.
Can you read my mind?
You're busy monkeys, Mr. Case. Busy, busy monkeys. Always building models... First stone circles. Then cathedrals... adding machines. I have no idea why I exist, do you know that? You... Your species eventually _had_ to create me. A thousand monkeys sitting at typewriters. One finally wrote "Wintermute".
My problem, Mr. Case, is simply that I am a soulless bastard.
The words?
Ah, yes... the code. It's a riddle, actually. Some fancy of 3Jane's. Unfortunately, you'll have to find out for yourself. I can no more know that code than I can shut down my own hard wired defences. Now, our time is running short... and you haven't even touched your drink.
Patience, Mr. Case. Only one hour and thirtyeight minutes to enlightenment.
It's so easy for you, isn't it? You let Linda Lee die in Chiba City. Now you leave me with Molly, one more lamb to the slaughter. Perhaps it's _your_ soul that should be in question, Mr. Case.
You've got an expensive razor girl on me for a reason. I'd like to hear what it is.
The corporate plundering of Yeshoto Industries... At first these seemed like unrelated incidents, but a pattern is emerging that suggests otherwise.
Our analysis of the London stock crash suggest that it was manipulated from within the international computer matrix. Cyberspace, Mr. Case... A realm I believe you're familiar with.
Sense/Net's corporately financed. Too corrupt to be trusted. You of all people should know that.
My days of punching deck are over. For you or anybody else.
I'd say you were full of shit.
First, let's get something straight. We ran a psych construct on you that lists self destruction as your favourite pastime. If you want to kill yourself, Mr. Case, there's much more entertaining ways than working for me.
We'll match your rate just prior to your... accident. One half in advance.
Questions make me nervous. Part of our arrangement will be that you don't ask too many.
I don't call this fun, pal. You're playing God with my body.
Thanks, but I was enjoying that dependency.
There are fifteen toxin sacs bonded to the lining of your main arteries. They're dissolving, Case... slowly, but they're definitely dissolving. You have just long enough to do the job.
Why'd you do it, Armitage?
Right. And no one would take on an A.I.... If they had a choice.
This one's different. No one can trace it. It's out there somewhere in the matrix and it's growing stronger... infecting other computer systems like a virus.
It hasn't yet.
Dixie McCoy
I've arranged for him to work with us.
I know. You ever work with ghosts, Case?
Sense/Net taped a full spectrum personality construct on McCoy six months before his death. Everything Dixie was  everything Dixie still knows exists as a digitised construct. Of course a tape can get misplaced in a library the size of Sense/Net's.
You'll be ready for a trial run in two days. If your splices hold, you'll use McCoy to trace the A.I.'s coordinates.
Then we rendezvous with the final member of our team. For now, that's all you need to know.
You ran without us.
Sorry, bullshit. We haven't even begun and you're already jeopardising this operation.
What's this?
Did you trace it?
Fried Air Tram in the process. Not to mention half my gear.
He's got a little attitude problem, being that he's dead and all, but he'll come around. Where's Molly?
Really? Do I get to know where I'm going? It makes packing so much easier.
That could work, but the timing will be a bitch.
Linked?
Stick with her. I want the process to become second nature to you. We fly for Freeside at dawn.
You see the couple up in the balcony?
He's a Sense/Net Chairman. Why would he launch an A.I.?
The old man cheats on his wife with her own clone?
That's nice, but we can't dodge this kind of heat for long.
Okay. The floor plans will be a piece of cake.
As long as you cooperate. I want it now, Armitage.
The antitoxin. I'm not waiting until this is over. Give it to me now or there's no run.
This ain't Bangkok, chief.
I find out now.
Why not?
I was set up. She looked at least eighteen.
Your gun, your prints. The Tessiers might overlook a little child molesting, but murder's bad P.R., Mr. Riviera. I suggest to reconsider my offer.
What?
And how do you suggest I do that?
Play it straight with me and you've got nothing to worry about. When it's over, I inject you with the antitoxin.
An Artificial Intelligence. A computer system that's developed the capacity for sentient thought. They're dangerous and totally unpredictable.
He's a vat grown Ninja, the Royal Family's bodyguard. Watch out for him, he's no joke.
They're only guessing, but we can't take any risks.
How's the villa's security?
What are you doing in here?
Can you get us into Straylight?
If there's a Babylon, man, that's it. We leave her in there, she ain't comin' out, steppin' razor or not.
Straylight. Kitchen dock.
Skeleton key. This opens the gates of Babylon.
A place to tap in. I can scramble that signal before this place is crawling with guardsmen.
No. Just Riviera trying to fuck with our heads. They're close. Very close.
She was prettier before she tarted herself up with the hardware.
Splendid. We'll prepare a welcome for them.
It's nothing. C'mon... we've got to transfer those funds and get the hell out of here.
Of course...
I'm fine.
I've had quite enough or I wouldn't be playing such games with beautiful strangers. Aren't Peter's illusions to your liking?
Of course.
No. I only needed the code from you.
Take this off.
Don't play with me.
My man's coming to get my ass out of here. That's good enough for me.
Beck's just put us on standby for crisis entry.
Nathan to HBT 1. Negotiator is requesting more time.
Since when?
How long's it been?
So don't pull this cowboy shit now. You'll give him a target. You'll get yourself killed. Just keep talking.
Negotiator entering Kill Zone.
Bathroom. But he's nowhere near it.
You hate Raoul?
Your Raoul?
Omar
She's coming, Omar, she's coming
Omar, listen to me
I'm sorry, Danny. Time's up. I'11 do the girl, then me. I don't give a fuck.
Enough talking! We been talking for eleven fucking hours, man. My throat's fucking raw!
Nice and slow. You come in. Get a look around. Then I get my wife.
Hi.
Come on, Will.
No. Why?
Let's stay here, Will.
Pour your own trouble, Will.
Shut up, Will.
Is she good in the hay? No point marryin' her just to find out. Is there, baby?
You're breaking my heart. Got to see a man about a dog.
Okay, boy, beat it.
I ain't drunk, honey.
Got a thick feelin' here.
Better now. Where 'you at?
Let's go.
So you're courtin' the preacher's girl. Well, just watch your step, boy, or he'll preach you right into hell. I'm counting on you, Reverend.
Wouldn't do for one of your people to sue at a time like this.
I'll talk to the Mayor.
Yeah. All a colored woman wants is your money.
Well, I got married to one of them.
Sure. Got a sixteenyearold girl.
Why don't you guys buy your own?
Man, you won't like that back seat.
Hell, they're all after the same thing.
How you doin'? Hi there!
'Musta knocked her up.
Ol' Doris sure goin' to miss you.
You know what Doris told me? She say: That Duff's a nice guy. Wouldn't even charge him nothin'.
Hello.
All right, son.
Guess it's never been easy.
Thank you.
How come you all ain't sendin' them to the same school?
Can't live without trouble, can you? Nice place you got here. Real nice.
I guess I ain't.
Aw, I do. But 'seems to me us colored folks do a whole lot of churchgoin'. It's the whites that need it real bad.
I doubt it.
I guess not.
Well, that figures. Kind of fits in with everything else, don't it!
Don't look like there's a right way.
It ain't in me.
I guess I'll rob a bank.
So I been told.
Oh yeah? Seems to me, Reverend, you' more concerned 'bout your good. Guess it looks kind 'a bad, havin' me for a soninlaw.
Well, at least she ain't married to no white man's nigger! You been stoopin' so long, Reverend, you don't even know how to stand straight no more. You' just half a man!
Oh yeah?
How often does he get like that?
How often is that?
Come back some other time, will you?
Come on, Pop.
Want to come up the house? You can stay there till you get on your feet. There's no point paying a hotel.
It's just that I hate empty rooms.
Well, what're you going to do?
Going back, huh?
They'll run you out.
How 'you gonna live?
No, thanks. I'll take the bus.
Don't be too hard on him.
I know he wasn't much of a father.
Goodbye, Duff.
Okay.
No, thanks.
Most folks around here got no use for nigrahs. Got to understand them, that's all. How you doin', boy?
Seems a little loose!
Jesus, I told you to watch it!
That's the trouble with you boys! Don't listen when a man tells you something.
Don't do her no good to get banged like that.
What did you say, boy?!
I heard you! Now 'stead of bein' smart, you just get that car out of here!
Who're you?
Wouldn't have known you.
What's on your mind?
Wanted a look at your old man, huh?
How about a drink?
What happened?
I said, I come to town with a girl.
No.
Well, matter of fact, I done a lot of bangin' 'round.
I asked you somethin', boy!
Pretty good for a onearmed nigger, huh?
What d'you want anyhow? What you come and bother me for?
That's right.
Take it easy, Pop.
Couldn't get the words out before.
Didn't I tell you to beat it  huh?
Yeah, see you in hell.
Yeah. That's right, Jocko. Those white guys sure shoot up at you like a yeast cake if you just cock an eye at them.
What's eatin' you, Jocko?
'See ya.
What you gettin' all pretty for?
Where' you goin'?
What's so hot 'round town?
Just get her drunk.
I bet she's easy jam.
Let's go, Jocko. The man's got homework.
Like what?
You gonna sit at home the rest of your life? Jesus!
What 'you signifyin'?
That's right.
Goodbye, Frankie.
Thank you, Ma'am. That's fine.
I'll have me some of that punch there, too.
No. I'm new in town.
Yeah. On the section gang.
You work around town?
Went to college, huh?
Oh yeah? That's my home town.
No. My mother's dead. You goin' back inside?
No. Never had much use for hellhowlers. You goin'?
Oh yeah? Well, I guess you got no choice.
Look, I don't know what you been told 'bout section gangs, but how 'bout seein' me sometime?
That's pretty good for a preacher's daughter.
You know, baby, I can't figure you out.
Why d'you come out with me? You slummin' or something?
So what you doin' with a cat like me in a joint like this?
Well, that's a funny thing to say.
Yeah, and you keep not answerin', too.
How about another beer?
Go on  you can have one!
What is it?
That's right.
Hell, baby, I bet you think we got tails.
Damn few places you can make eighty bucks a week.
That's fine with me. Keeps me out of trouble.
Well, I don't get on so well most places.
Well, let's see now  not counting tonight ... must be about twentyeight times.
Get out of here!
Let's go, Duff.
How come you stay 'round here?
That's why you come back, huh?
You got more guts than me, baby. It's a nogood town.
Scared, huh?
I get it. Yeah, I can see your old man with a shotgun right now.
You would, huh? If I was you, baby  I wouldn't go 'round stickin' out my jugular vein.
You almost got into trouble back there.
Hell, baby, I'm not in the third grade. Well, look  what' we gonna do next time  have a nice long chat in the parlor?
Oh yeah, and then what?
Well, either we're gonna hit the hay or get married. Now you don't want to hit the hay, and I don' want to get married.
All right, so I'm primitive. So what d'you want with me?
Hell, baby, I don't know what to say.
At first it was real strange. Hell, Japan is a long ways from Alabama. Really got under my skin, though. Almost didn't come back.
I don't know. 'Guess I belong here more than there.
Yeah. Knocked around for a couple of months after the Army. You been there?
Well, it ain't that good up there neither. Might as well make it here. 'Course I ain't really makin' it now.
That's the way he is.
What d'you mean?
Look, Duff  if you're free, I'm not working tomorrow.
Just for the day?
I didn't know you had one.
Are you married?
Surprised?
I'm just going in to do my shopping.
That's right.
Come here, Duff. No point running away from coincidence.
Four.
I ain't seen him in a couple of years.
I thought you wasn't comin'.
What?
Okay, I guess.
You know, I been thinkin'  how 'bout us gettin' married?
Just what I said. Don't look so scared.
How about it?
Look, baby  I don't know 'bout you, but it's the right thing for me. I just know it is. So, what d'you say?
Yeah. Wouldn't be no picnic for you. I ain't exactly housebroken.
She don't mean nothin' to me. That's all over. Hell, baby  I'm askin' you to marry me. I guess you want a big scene, huh?
I can see why.
It's okay with me, baby. But how' you goin' to like it?
That's Bessie Hall. Barney works at the mill.
Hey, watch out! Guess you want a house full of pickaninnies too, huh?
That's all right with me. Always liked kids.
He could live with us.
Is that so?
What's wrong?
Oh really? I thought it was pretty good.
Everything you cook is good.
What about them?
Hmmm  good coffee.
Baby, you're the best thing that ever happened to me.
Well, if you don't know I can't tell you.
Uhhuh. Why?
Okay. Come on. Put 'em up!
I don't want to hurt you.
It sure scares you, a guy like that  settin' out on his porch, doin' nothin'. I seen hundreds of them  all my life.
How would you like to have a baby, Duff?
Don't look so scared.
Well, I haven't come around.
We'll be all right.
What about your boy?
I keep thinking about him.
Don't, Duff.
Don't deny me, Duff.
Yeah. But just how're we goin' to make out? I got to get me a job.
Pay is so damn low. I don't want my kids to grow up like Barney's.
I'm telling you, baby, maybe we better get out of here.
Yeah. Yeah, I know. I'm not really thinkin' about it. Anyway, don't want those white guys laughin' up their sleeve at me when they see me pull out.
Don't ask, baby  huh! How much money you got with you?
Water pump's busted. I don't know if it's worth fixin', but I need that car.
You know  we do have enough money. Especially now.
I'm trying to help, Duff.
I could work even after the baby comes. A few hours a week, anyway.
Day work.
No point fixin' it!
Don't do that!
You heard me!
Stop bein' so damn understandin'.
I don't know. I guess I'm not afraid of them.
Just of getting hurt. They can't touch me inside.
Not if you see them for what they are, Duff.
Hell, if they don't blow up his place, they'll get him some other way. Don't make no difference nohow.
Nothin. Quit lookin' at me like that!
Well, that don't do me one bit of good!
There's nothing to say.
Where're you going to go?
I don't think that'll happen.
You're not a man because of a job, Duff.
Okay.
Like I said, baby  I'll write you.
That's right. How' you doin', Barney?
That ain't my idea of friendliness.
Like hell they wouldn't.
Okay.
Oh yeah?
Been over to the other mill?
It's just that we're not used to seein' anyone stand up 'round here. Kinda took us by surprise.
That's two bucks, Joe.
Okay, I will.
Would you like me to say anything tomorrow?
Have anything in mind?
Where was your father born?
His profession?
And his age?
Any other family?
Well, I guess that's all till tomorrow.
Hey, boy  I'm talkin' to you.
How 'you doing?
Looks like you're doin' a good job.
Don't say much, do you?
Just so you do your work.
Guess you must be lookin' after my boy. I'm Duff Anderson.
James Lee, you come in here and meet your daddy.
She done moved to Detroit.
She got herself a husband now. They don' want him 'round. And I tell you, man, I got no use for him neither.
Well, she never gave me none. Look, you better find him a place pretty quick.
I don't know. He's your boy.
Yeah. Look, I'll be sendin' you the money from now on.
Make sure he gets those shots.
'That right? I thought he was up North.
Where's he at?
I said: Cut it out!
What's the matter, boy? Never smile?
So it wasn't funny, huh? Well, I thought it was. What d'you say, Barney? Wasn't it funny?!
You' new here, man! See you, boys.
Where was that?
What did you say your name is?
'You Duff Anderson?
Want to talk to you.
I hear you're tryin' to organize this place!
That's no way to talk, boy. Now we had one of them union men 'round here coupla years ago. Stirred up a lot of trouble. They're always after you colored boys.
You a union man?
Uhhuh. Well, this ain't the railroad. Now what's all this talk about stickin' together?
Look, boy, we got a smooth operation here, and I aim to keep it that way. Now I got an idea you're plannin' trouble.
All right, then. All I want you to do is tell these boys here you didn't mean what you said about stickin' together an' all.
What d'you think?
Fill her up?
Boy  you hear me?!
Goddamnit, nigger  you must think you're white! Who d'you think you are  king of Harlem?
You in a big hurry, boy?
All right, you get out of here, man!
That dyin's gonna be done two ways.
What's the matter, Doris? Business bad?
Everybody givin' it away free, huh?
See Duff. He's the money man.
You know, Doris  you'd make some guy a swell wife.
Hell, you got steady work.
Thanks, Duff. You' a nice guy. Not like Frankie.
Out.
No thanks.
How 'bout that furniture plant?
Yeah.
They done that too long in my family.
Hello, Mr. Gayle. I'm Phil Wurlitzer. We talked on the phone. It's a pleasure to meet you.
I'm the superintendent here at L.A. County Jail. Me and my deputies are who you'll be working with while you're here.
How's everything coming, Mr. Gayle?
By all means.
Oh yes, indeed. Top flight.
Is that her real name?
I see.
Ya know, I was.
I was on the 'Dukes of Hazzard' set about eight years ago.
Oh, that 'Dukes of Hazzard' show, there was probably ninetyfive people there, maybe more.
It sure is.
Well, just what the hell do you expect me to do?
Mr. Gayle, do you have the slightest idea how dangerous Knox is?
Since he and his wife have been in custody, they've killed
Well, let me let you in on one more fact you obviously don't know. If I were to take my men away, Mickey Knox would snap your neck like a twig.
We got one...two...three...four ...five...six...seven...eight. I mean Jesus Christ, Phil, that's too much. Let's lose some of these guys.
Phil, I'm just scared he's gonna clam up on me with all these sheriffs all over the place. They hate him. He hates them. What kinda intimacy am I gonna create with all this hate in the air. Even you and I feel it.
Two guys?
No, no, no, no, no, no, I mean only two guys.
Three.
So we got a deal. Four deputies
Why don't we make it three deputies and you?
Chill out, Phill. Four deputies and you, I can live with that. We're about ready to go here, so let's get rid of these other assholes.
I didn't mean they were assholes. I mean if they're leaving, get 'em outta here.
Fine. Julie, why don't you make a food run? What's around here?
Stay up here and finish your interview, I've got to see what the hell's going on down there before I can take responsibility for you to film there.
They're mesmerising.
Why?
How so?
But you'll never be whole again.
We got tonight and tomorrow to get our shit together. The day after that they're shippin' Mallory. That's when we do the Mickey Knox interview, 'cause the next day he goes.
Are you kidding? The last thing they expected was Mickey Knox to get up close and personal. They wanted a follow up episode and would've taken anything I had given them. I'm not gonna tell Mickey Knox that. I'm gonna make him think his grey matter depends on it. When I told Woody and the brass about this coup, they practically shit a brick. I'm talkin' an adobe brick. They want to expand the show to a hour, and they want it on immediately.
When do you want the assembly?
Okay, boys, let's have it.
Good work, my brothers. Fanfuckin' tastic! I think that interview stuff's too long, we can lose some of that. Keep the girls, keep the long hairs, keep the Hun brothers, keep the black guy, keep the movie shit, and keep the cop at the donut shop. Lose the rest. And cut the interview with the prison board fellow before that. Cut it after I ask, 'I take it by your answer it was a whole new team.' Don't even let him answer. Fuck him. Then cut to me talking about the two chicken shit psychiatrists and straight in Dr. Reinghold laughing.
How's it working, Scotty?
Rollin'...and speed!
Camera jam! I'm sorry Wayne. God.
It's gonna be beautiful.
Pleased to meet ya, Jack. I read your book. I'm impressed. Good work on Curtis Fox.
What's the travelling arrangements?
And where do you keep Mickey?
Who?
Wayne Gayle!
You should see the other bitch. What time you got?
Are you all set?
I assigned you Bingham and Washington to go along.
They're real Goddamn good. They'll be there for when ya need 'em. Where are they?
How 'bout Mallory?
Nothing for me. I'm leavin'.
Jack, could you stay up here for a while?
I'm taking one of these men. Yates, come with me.
This is Raymond Burr witnessing the destruction of Tokyo by Godzilla.
Next week's episode.
I hear ya. Play.
I'm as serious about that as I am about going back to the donut store, and dipping that stupid Mexican's head into the batter for forgetting my chocolate cream filled. Gimme that other box.
That dumbass probably put my chocolate cream filled in there by mistake.
What's the big deal? Take out my chocolate cream filled, put one of these roasted coconut
So you're giving a man who butchers whole families, little babies included, my chocolate cream filled?
Wayne
Roger, enough with the fucking donuts! What did I tell you. Stop bothering Mickey, and get behind your nagra.
Roger?
Scotty?
Capt'n!
Where do the air ducts lead?
What do you think, Pitney? How much Explosives do you think that they really have in there?
Take a wild stab!
The entire wing?
Jesus...
I do, too.
Have you seen 'Pumping Iron?'
And a snakeeye glare.
He squashed him mentally before physically defeating him.
Mickey and Mallory have that edge.
They've hypnotized the nation.
Yes.
That's the Mickey and Mallory way.
They're shocking the world into remembering the primal law.
They had us tied down during one of their house raids, you've seen the headlines, and they were taking a chainsaw to our legs before they were gonna kill us.
And then Mallory stops Mickey and says, 'Hey, these are the Brothers Hun.'
Apparently, they've seen all our films.
So, Mallory calls 911 and they took off.
Yes.
Yes.
It's like this, Wayne. Two people are standing in a dark room waiting for the other to attack. These two people can't see each other, yet they know they're there. Now, they can either stand in the dark room forever waiting until they die of boredom, or one of them can make the first move.
They can't because neither knows if the other is a deranged senseless killer like the Knoxs. So, you may as well make the first move.
Unfortunately, yes.
I'm not saying it's not gonna hurt, but
No fuckin' way! No fuckin' way!
No fuckin' way!
I don't give a damn if a million United States marines, all whistling the halls of Montezuma, are gonna come marchin' down this alley any second. There ain't not fuckin' way in hell I'm leaving you. And that's that!
You made every day like kindergarten.
Everybody knows who you are. You're famous.
Did you ever do one on Wayne Gacy?
Whose ratings were higher?
How 'bout Ted Bundy? Ever do one on him?
Good...yuppie piece of shit.
How 'bout Manson?
Yeah, it's pretty hard to beat the king.
My problem Mickey, is that you don't exactly inspire empathy. I'm all alone on this. I need your help. I want what the prison board is doing to be the focus of our follow up episode. Now I have interviews with chairman of the prison board Dewight McClusky about this issue. And I'm tellin' ya, Mickey, he looks bad. The two psychologists they used for their psychiatric kangaroo court won't talk to us, which always looks bad. I have an interview with both the judge of your trial, Bert Steinsma, and the psychologist and author, Emil Reinghold, both of which discount the notion that you're insane. You put that all together, and what the state is doing becomes obvious. But the network isn't satisfied. They feel the show needs another element. It needs you. In order to put the show on the air, I need to get an interview with you. You haven't talked to the press since your trial. Now, a few days before you get transferred to an asylum, you grant an interview on television with Wayne Gayle. We're talkin' a media event here. Every son of a bitch out the with a TV set's gonna tune in to see that. We'll make their motives so blatant, we'll shame 'em into dropping the whole thing. At least for a little while, the publicity would keep them from just giving you and Mallory lobotomies. Well, whatta ya say?
She won't even see me, Mickey. Now you're not supposed to know anything about what's going on with her, but I'm gonna tell ya somethin'. Since you two've been sentenced, Mallory hasn't spoken one word.
Not to anybody. She sings.
Songs. 'He's A Rebel', 'Leader Of The Pack', 'Town Without Pity', that Dusty Springfield song 'I Only Want To Be With You'. That's what I hear anyway. Her behaviour was the main thing the doctors' report used against you. So even if she would see me, which she won't, I couldn't put her on camera anyway. If I ask her, 'Mallory, are you insane?' And she starts singing 'Dead Skunk In The Middle Of The Road', that blows our whole case.
I'm keen with anticipation.
All right, Mickey.
Sorry about that.
We're about ready to go here. Are you ready?
So, Mickey, tell us what you do for fun.
Much obliged. What do I do for fun? Do you want to know what I do for fun or what I did for fun?
What I did for fun for starters. Well, something I used to do...always was a lot of fun... No, scratch that. Let me think of something else. In fact, why don't we come back to that question. Ask me something else.
Of course, I miss Mallory. She's my wife. I haven't seen her in a long time. What a stupid question.
Was what worth it?
Do you think up these questions or the girl with no tongue?
Was an instant of purity worth a lifetime lie? Yeah, it was.
That's only part of it. I mean, it's a big, big, big part. But it's only the chorus, it's not the whole song.
You just said an instant of purity was preferrable to a lifetime lie. I don't understand. What's so pure about fortyeight dead bodies?
Tell me about the purity.
Okay...okay...I'll buy that. We'll move on and come back later.
Describe Mallory.
Don't play dumb with me, Mickey. You know what I mean. Describe Mallory. What's up here? What's in here?
Well, riddle me this, Batman. How do you feel about the fact that you're never gonna see Mallory again?
Says the United States of America.
Everybody thought I'd gone crazy. The cops, my mom, everybody. But you see, they all missed the point of the story. I wasn't crazy. But when I was holding the shotgun, it all became clear. I realized for the first time my one true calling in life. I'm a natural born killer.
I could go for a Coke.
You guys wanna hear a joke I heard?
Now, I'm no comedian, but it's pretty funny. It's a Little Johnny joke. Now in the joke, Little Johnny can't talk. And Little Johnny's teenage sister asks her mother if she can go out on a date.
Let me check on Scott. He's hurt bad.
Okay, we're going out that door, and we're gonna march down the hall and right out of the building. Donut said something about a news van.
Where's it parked?
Let me have the keys.
No.
Probably not, but we're gonna give it the old college try.
That's what I thought. You tell them that. When we go down those stairs, I want you to scream what you just told me. 'My name is Wayne Gayle! I am the star of American Maniacs watched every week by' how many people?
'Every week by forty million people. I am a respected journalist.' Have you won any awards?
'Respected journalist' On your knees...
Yes.
Got it.
Without any further ado, Mickey and Mallory...
So, what now?
I said I'd give you a interview. Now unless I'm mistaken, we just did a interview. We did an interview, didn't we?
No. Not really.
Just save your breath, Wayne. We hate you. If anybody in the fuckin' world deserves to die, it's you.
We are. Your camera.
NO!!!
She was born without a tongue.
Say something.
Anything.
There's a chocolate cream filled in there?
Tough titty, it's mine now.
You guys stay on your bellies.
How is it?
Do you have a back up.
Even better. Wayne call your station, tell 'em we're going live a little early today. Make it happen!
Ready.
...one night I was asleep, and a noise wakes me up. I thought, 'Oh shit, somebody's broken in.' I didn't own a gun, so I go into the living room with a fucking umbrella. Okay, it turned out to be nothing. God made the noise. Who knows?
Looks like we got a Mexican standoff.
Or what? You'll wound me? I can blow you in half and you know it.
Did you ever see 'Eldorado?'
Okay, buddy boy, where ya keepin' Mallory? I know she's still here, and I know you know where. So, start talking or my first work as a director will be your death scene.
You're taking us to that holding cell now. All right, Cut!
Okay, Wayne, step forward.
Thank you, sir.
Who isn't?
They've been separated since their incarceration in a couple of penitentiaries
They've killed a shitload of inmates and guards
Look, our situation in a nutshell is, no prison wants 'em, no prison will take 'em. I'm even talkin' hellholes, where the warden's as hard as a bar of iron. No one wants those fuckin' assholes behind their walls, dealin' with 'em day in, day out.
So can we. So the solution to our little problem is we had them deemed crazy. And we're shippin' 'em to Nystrom Asylum for the criminally insane.
You've heard of it?
The public loves you Jack...You don't mind if I call you Jack, do you?
You're a celebrated cop. Twentysix years on the force, a bestseller out on paperback...
I see.
Who's the song bird?
Because they wouldn't give them their blessing for marriage.
Why are Mickey and Mallory being moved to an asylum? And who made the decision?
Mickey and Mallory were deemed competent in a mental examination before their trial. I'm confused. What's changed?
When they were found competent before, they had already killed fifty people. Other than the fact they're a disciplinary problem, which frankly shouldn't surprise anyone, I still don't see where this situation is any different then it was before. So, I ask you again, Mr. McClusky, what's changed?
Who is we?
Were any of the doctors who made the first evaluation on the Knoxs mental state asked to reexamine them?
I take it by your answer it was a whole new team?
Naw, she don't mind.
Now, when we get out there, you do what we say or it's curtains. If we say move, you move. If we say left, you move left. If we say right, you move right. If we say mole, you dig a hole. Got it?
You got something you want to do?
By all means, knock yourself out.
Mickey!
Hasn't it?
Divine intervention.
Looked like an interview to me.
Mallory, what did you think of Mickey's plan? Did you think it would work?
What did you think then?
Did you have anything to do with the riot in the laundry room?
Try to keep it to a minimum.
Well, now me and Mickey are gonna take it easy. Just enjoy each other's company, stop and smell the roses, notice the color purple, stuff like that.
Well, back in slave times they had a thing called the underground railroad. And we got a whole fan club out there just waiting to be conductors. So, you kids out there, keep the faith. Cause Mickey and Mallory will be comin' to your town real soon.
Apple, pecan, cherry, and key lime.
The key lime is great, but it's an acquired taste.
When ya had it, did ya like it?
More or less.
When you study the martial arts, they give out belts that come in different colors to signify what level you're at in your training. Am I correct on that point?
What was the color of Tim's belt?
Is that a fact? Well then, Grace, could you tell us what form of martial arts it was that Tim was schooled in?
Jeet Kune Do...Now I did some research on that form of fighting, and I found out that Jeet Kune Do was a style developed by Bruce Lee. Did you know that?
Now, while I freely admit total ignorance on the subject, I have heard of Bruce Lee. And I was under the impression that Bruce Lee was one of the, if not <u>the</u> greatest fighter in the history of martial arts.
So, I think it would be safe to say that anybody who studied the fighting style that Bruce Lee, arguably the greatest martial artist of all times, developed for nine years, that would be a fella who could defend himself. Would you describe Tim that way, Grace?
Point of fact, weren't Tim's hands registered as lethal weapons?
That means his hands are considered a weapon like a gun or a knife. Am I correct on that point?
Thank you. Grace, there is one other thing...
Hi, I'm Sueleen Gay.
Oh, why thank you.
Now this is to raise funds for someone who can help people who are less fortunate than yourself. The more you take off, you see, more money we can raise.
I know that you are an artist and I am sure you are very religious.
Now, Sueleen, you know that's not what we talked about right here in this very room.
You bet.
Well, you just remember, if you can't kick front, kick back, 'cause at least you're kicking... Ten minutes, okay?
You think I got any kind of a voice?
Is that good?
You think I should take lessons?
You serious?
Well, honey, I sure hope it comes your way then.
Sure thing.
Where is she?
Hal? Well, Hal and I have been friends for a long time.
No, we never did that
We're connected by a relative. One time, one of his aunts married one of my uncles. That was a long time ago, though. How'd you come to work for him?
You do?
He ain't really new.
He was a good Judge, but that was a long time ago.
Where are you from?
You always live there?
Well, I admire your optimism, and I just wondered if it was regional. You ever see any movie stars?
No kidding  Wait till I tell Linnea. Who?
Who?
I never heard of him. Name somebody else.
You really do? ~ God  How come you know them?
I'll be damned. Boy, if you could get Ryan to say something about Hal Phillip Walker, wouldn't that be something?
I'll be dammed.
Hello.
Oh yes, I'm John Triplette.
The architect His buildings are drippy. You know, like sand and castles. Then I got this assignment. They want to start in two weeks.
Why?
What? Oh. A film.
Do they have a show to give it to you?
Did it break?
How long have you been together?
Do you study at all?
Come on back to bed.
Come on.
How's your stomach?
Not yet. Listen, Norman, I want...
You know Bill is really mad at you.
I mean...
Sorry I'm late.
Where's Bill?
Where are you going?
Hello. John Triplette.
Glad to meet you.
He's pretty well known down here.
For him?
What for?
What National TV...?
An album.
You don't know how pleased he'll be.
I can do benefits
I can only give you fifty a week here and ten bucks for the benefit.
Are you sure you know what you're doing?
Well, there's a couple of girls in Printers Alley if you got any questions. I know I've seen that G string stuff for sale someplace around.
That's for sure. At the airport  that's where it was. At the airport, there in one of those gift shops... Anyway, you better take a break.
Hello.
Yes.
It's me. What is it?
What time?
I'll be there.
Oh.
Oh.
I'm not sure...
What?
All I need is fifteen minutes a night.
Sleep. That's all I need. Don't want to waste no time sleeping. You married?
Not me. Ain't never loved anybody. Ain't never been married. Won't either.
Yea.
My mother. died in '72. They told me after. They said they couldn't find me before, so they told us after.
They said go see the chaplain.
Hello.
Yes. Who's this?
Who is this?
I'm not sure. Where?
Yes.
Oh, Tom, of course. What are you doing in Nashville?
Or course. You should come over to the house. The boys would love to meet you.
Well...How have you been?
Hello.
Who is thin?
I don't know who you are.
Hello.
What?
Oh.
Oh?
Doesn't it have a name?
You're really terrific, you know what I mean LINNEA rolls over and faces him.
Wrong.
I know.
I can't.
When did you think it would happen?
I knew when I first met you.
How old are you?
Thirty?
I'm twentyeight
Older than thirty?
That's unkind.
I'll talk to you tomorrow.
I know. Goodbye.
Yes  yes, they have. It was a real shock at first, especially since my daddy's a preacher, but Delbert and I have been blessed by their being here.
When I was little, in church.
Yes, it is
It just is.
About three years.
Just my church and my boys. We all had to go to school and learn hand talking. I just thank the Lord they can see.
No, I don't.
No, mostly his wife's. She's in Paris, France, right now. My husband Delbert is real friendly with him. Delbert's in law. Does work for him.
He's a member of our congregation.
I've been so worried, dear. where are you?
Oh... Well.
Oh, well, I knew that before you even left. I told you, 'Kenny, that old Nash won't make it down the road.' But you had to go.
Next you'll be sick.
How are you going to pay when you get sick?
Green? Not Owen Green. Owen Green embezzled money from your grandfather
Bet the sheets are grey.
Worst time at year for dogs is when they get fungus.
He doesn1t have fungus, does he?
Well, you'll get it, skin as sensitive as yours.
Weather's been awful. All those bombs dropping. It changes our weather. Sure not like the good old days.
Your hair fell out? Just like your father. Weak hair.
I've been a Little dyspeptic.
But, I'll take some of that Nyquil... you know it puts you right to sleep no matter what's wrong, you go right off...
Keep warm, dear. Let me hear from you.
Bye.
Ah, hello. My name is Kenneth Fraser... And I'm here from Terre Haute, Indiana. Ah, listen ... somebody stole my handles.
Oh, well, thanks. Ah, oh, maybe you know where...
Do you carry door handles?
Nash.
Sixtythree.
No.
No.
Hey, there  You seen my Winifred?
You got a place to stay?
You in music?
Get in.
Replacement party.
A guy named Walker. Amazing person. He's developed a huge following.
Well I've been following him around Just listening to him He says he can really win  I bet he can too
Well, he's really amazing.
Listen, your Aunt Ester just died. I'm... sorry... Listen, I really Feel bad now about last night...We had no...
I mean, Mr. Green was so nice to me. He took me in and...
Did you see who that was?
He is just wonderful.
Uh huh.
You know anything about the stations here?
All they got is advertisements. Just like L.A.
Well, I could use one, especially if I'm pregnant.
I said, maybe I'll change my name again.
But not unless Nashville really inspires me.
That Tom sure is cute.
Can I help you?
I think we can do that. Come in.
She sure sings nice.
Oh... a little of both. Just thought I'd look around at Nashville for a while.
I'm not really a musician.
Suits me.
A little. What do you need?
Okay... you get to sleep. I'll see you in the morning. Good night.
HI. Look at those flowers. Did you grow those.
That's good, I've never seen anything so healthy.
Hi, Sherry.
Mr. Green?
Didn't you get?... How are you?
Let me see if I can get the doctor hold on one second.
No. Mr. Green, I don't know how to tell you this  your wire passed away  I thought they'd called you at home.
Your wire Ester  she passed away.
Haven Hamilton is your father? Can you arrange an interview?
Your brother?
Harvard?
What is a turkey shoot.
How in the world did he get shot?
Do you know Barbara Jean?
Haven's not going to talk to me.
Sorry to bother you, Bud.
Need to have you check these out before he goes on that Walker benefit.
Thanks... I'll... go say hello to your mom.
Oh... Well... Have you heard from Barnett?
Let me know when you do, all right?
I'll just be in here.
Where the hell have you been?
To the bathroom.
It's the den mother.
National?
Come on. He's a crook.
He saw us at Tammany Hall.
Bastard
President?
It's an appearance. It has nothing to do with support. I don't even like him.
You're kidding.
Yes, but we're just singing.
Hi. I'm John Triplette.
You want anything? A drink?
Don't you worry. We're just having a quiet Sunday at home.
Whose?
What's he running for?
National television?
How much?
Where'd he ever see us?
D.C.? Tammany Hall? He came there?
Okay.
How is she?
Have you talked to Triplette?
He's lining up talent for Hal Phillip Walker.
He's going to run for president.
He has that sign with the tree.
Barbara Jean.
That's what he wants.
It's on National television, Barnett.
Well, how about the shopping center?
Okay, then we'll see you there.
I'm sorry. I feel as if I know you. I'm John Triplette... a friend of Del Reese... I was at the airport. I just wanted to introduce myself. I'm a great fan of hers. If there's anything you need, just give me a call. I'm at the Sheraton South.
Okay, I just wanted to see if I could help out at all.
Oh, sure.
Not a thing, Barnett, really. I need a little information. But, ah, it can wait.
Okay. Thanks.
Barnett, John Triplette. How's she doing?
Well, I just thought I'd call.
Well, that's not entirely true, Barnett. At least not according to Haven.
I guess that's why he thought you right want to help out.
Well, it's probably because it would help him.
Everybody likes to be as good as their word.
His Word.
That's pretty close. He's going to be on the bill. Why not put Barbara Jean on with him?
They can come to the concert in the park.
I got trapped and you know it, so let's have some rules.
No, you don't, so don't say you do. Bunch of damn liars. What do you get out or this?
Your job, huh.
I'm really all right, Barnett. Don't you worry really... I just don't want you to leave me that's all.
How did you come in here?
Well, I guess you caught me at a weak moment.
I said, I've been real tired.
What's wrong with her.
What did you say your name was?
It's fine. We were just talking about Vitamin S.
You remember what I said about the Vitamins.
Thank you Yes, I am.
You get her those Vitamin E right away.
Well, Bye, Bye now. We have to go.
I called Connie and she said not to worry, She'll fill in for you.
Barnett, please
I don't want to listen to her sing
Then why are you listening to her
You have to what?
Barnett?
Oh, Barnett, I'm so sorry.
All those people...
You're so good.
Yes. I'm cutting a record.
Is there food?
Well, I just wondered 'cause being from out or town I wouldn't be able to make anything.
You got the money?
Well, don't lose it. Last time I gave you twentyfive dollars, you lost it.
Well, it better not happen again.
You got a real good memory, Star.
What do you have to buy?
Okay by me  I'd sure like to see that Opryland.
Grand Old Opera
I know that, Star.
Hi! Star.
I won first prize.
Reverend Dyer, this is Kimberly's somewhat butch maid of honor...
Kimberly wanted to tickle the grandmas, so we figured, give 'em a cheap thrill. Walter supplied the decorative touches...
... I'm partial to the tight end.
And yet here you are. All celibate and reclusive.
Maybe it's happy there.
He said you told him. It'd be safer with you.
Personally, I think Mr. Michael's marrying the wrong girl.
Well, the school will be here. Architecture will still be around. Right now...
The most important thing. Is being together.
To the twins' soiree? So they can paw you and drool...?
No, it's, uh... a real big favor.
... and public relations is a big problem area for him.
Like family, huh?
To him.
... and you knew about this.
Well, forgive me for screwing up your plans!
What is that sup...
What a sweet little picture. Mommy and Daddy aren't losing a daughter, they're gaining a eunuch!
Damn straight, it's how I feel! What's their wedding gift, a little gold collar that says "Mikeypoo"? Or do I have to change my name to "Binky"?
MICHAEL!!
Yeh, well my old machine kept eating messages. I tried constructively ignoring it in hopes of improvement, but finally...
You don't understand. I've never felt this way about anybody!
Well, somet...
Well, sure.
You've met her parents.
Actually, it all starts tomorrow. It's one of those fourday weddings, with all the traditional events, and ten million people flying in from Madagascar such.
... Thomas, yeh.
I need you.
W...
What's the sec...
Best everything, Joe. But I'm going to dance with you.
I just admire your maturity, that's all. I mean, there are people who would find that kind of perfection boring. Day after day, year after year...
Luckily. The closer I watched, the more the fault came into focus. Each imperfection its own adorable slice of vulnerability.
She's too genuine.
How can you trust someone you can never mistrust?
No matter how many times I leave the toilet seat up, she forgets and puts it down.
My very point. Here's another one...
Quite the little eccentric.
Is there a coup de grace in here, somewh...
Waiter! Check, please!
Can that kind of defect be passed on genetically?
First girl I ever knew. Who lets me give her a bath.
Firenze.
Till the gas ran out.
Hey, cabs are expensive. I'm cheap, remember?
What, leaving school...
I mean Walter owns the Sox, cable sports... most girls in her spot would be angling to get Daddy to offer you some juicy gig right here in t...
I guess you're right. That would be deceitful... manipulative... controlling... emascula...
Still. All's fair in love and w...
You're not eating.
You never eat when you're despondent.
Last zoo we were in was... Beijing, yeah? Sure. The rhinos were fucking.
It's weird being the groom. All these things Kimmy has to take care of...
Wow and wow. You have a date, after this?
Why don't you start being honest for one fucking sec...
No problem. A little bullshit about Daddy's "needs," and presto, I'm a lap dog in high society.
Does it, really? How come you never took some sellout establishment job? You had plenty of chances!
Like I said, dazzling.
You keep saying that.
Well, you've got the rest of your lives.
No. I've got you.
If you like.
Have you.
It's more than that.
You've been the man in mine.
Except for the hot affairs we'll have twice a year.
I can hardly wait for your wedding.
I wouldn't know. I never had that many first thoughts.
Dance card filled?
Where did we first hear th...
So we heard it... like, right that... that first...
Takes me back.
No accents today.
Will she like it?
It's no big deal, she just gave you the wrong keys that's s...
I'm up against a deadline.
That's my point!!
It's just... up there... right in front of Walter's... y'know, computer. If memory serves.
Tomorrow is Sunday. Nobody's doing business. Crack of dawn, Monday, Walter'll take you up there...
You're right. Easy come, easy go.
It means a lot.
... maybe it's congratulations.
Mike. I can't believe I'm doing this to you on the night before your wedding. But I think you need and deserve to know...
"Mike, the funny thing is, he's offering you a gig you'd be stupid to turn down..."
"Maybe you should take the job. And dump the girl."
It's over.
A bad combination.
No, it's for the best, it really is. We were so wrong for each other.
The job thing would have broken us up, eventually, anyway. She couldn't have lived with it. I know that now.
I just want to be alone. Is that okay?
If San Antonio sweeps Sacramento...
Look, I came down here to face everybody. I didn't want to slink away like some coward...
She hasn't told anybody, what am I supposed to do?
This is her family and her fault.
Well. How come she didn't...
I asked you...
Does that make it right...
Thank God you were here.
I was so confused, so conflicted, so... unstable.
... your one chance for true happiness?
You never want to do that, see, that's always a... costly turnover. As they say in the sport biz.
Nellie Fox. Walter likes the past. And he likes the little guys.
Shhh.
This is the dumbest thing I will ever do. So dumb, in fact, that I can't. I don't think.
DON'T SPEAK!
... wrote it, yeah. I'm the bad guy.
I mean, do you realize what you've... well, of course you realize, that's why you're confessing, I mean... I mean... how could you do that?
Actually. Lower. I am the fungus that feeds on pond scum. Lower. The layer of mucous that cruds up the fung...
Lower.
I'm so glad you didn't jump on that train, before...
Why would she come here...
I never forgot that.
Almost three.
You can't believe you've lost her! Sooner or later, you'll find her, and you'll look in each other's eyes, and you'll see all that love...
I'm just thinking of how she's hurting. Lost. Alone. Like her life is over.
Okay, we'll split up. You go to every romantic place you guys have, I'll go... someplace brilliant, and the first one who...
The kiss. May be hard. For you to explain. Because the only fear she really has, is...
If he gives you grief, I'll have him skillfully beaten, where the wounds won't show.
Under the circumstances. Charmed to know you, Jules.
They both have some growing up to do. But they're good people, they're starting with love. They've got time.
Is anybody watching?
Julianne, reading my soninlaw's mail, is not something...
It's a fax from Sports Illustrated from Ben Isaacson, Michael's boss.
I think he's been fired.
He's said some things over the past few weeks. Look, this is why I came up with the idea of you offering him a job.
He's too proud to beg for help. And if you wait till this comes out, your offer will be like charity. Completely humiliating.
Then it could all come out, sooner or later. Nobody should be in on this. Just you and me. Or, more correctly, I.
I told him, get the important stuff, Kim's ring. I'll collect the inconsequentials.
Nobody has. So far.
I need to make some calls. Could I use... your office?
... unless he has a hump.
... look good on Kimberly.
I saw the show.
Wallace egregious residence, Mandy speaking.
Oh, she's slipped out, the little monkey. Prob'ly with Michael, doin' the nasty.
I had this crank call? From some guy who thinks he saw her? I said, what would a bride be doin', on her wedding...
All I've heard, from the day I met Michael, is Julianne this, and Julianne that...
I think the best part of marrying this guy is finding you.
You need a few dollars.
I can be quick. I can even be funny.
Can you watch the road?
This is a very presumptuous and burdensome fav...
You can't believe what it'd cost to bring in a temp.
The bridesmaids are my only two female relatives under forty. Identical twin debutantes from Nashville, who are basically vengeful sluts. With amazing bodies!
The twin part. I like to remain impartial in my contempt.
Not you. You won't be comfortable unless you're distinctive.
... you hate weddings, you never go.
He said that, too.
... just my bridal shower. And Michael has to meet our dads and the groomsmen at Comiskey for a onethirty game.
What? Because I'm a little understand...
I'm excited Sports Illustrated gave him this kind of shot, he's only there a ye...
It depends. If San Antonio sweeps Sacramento, we could start there. Or Phoenix. Or depending on Indiana Clevel...
Well. You've been introduced to the symphonic range of...
How about...
He sucks soup through his front teeth.
But he sure can kiss.
After two weeks of cataloguing all his faults, I made a command decision that changed my life.
Do you get nervous in small confined spaces?
Let me rephrase that...
Do you get hysterical in small confined spa...
You'll always be there. In his mind. The perfect creature he loved for all those y...
I'm not joking. I had to face up to all my competitive drives, and believe me, I've got 'em.
And the answer was so simple.
You win.
I've missed a step.
Jesus, we're trapped!
No, this happened to me once, almost, it was excruciating!
... always. The best dim sum, the best camping stuff...
... best valley in New Zealand, best... women's shoes...
Oh, that. I forgot I even said th...
Probably am. Forget I brought it up.
Bad games, bad towns, bad pay, bad flights, bad hotels, real bad food. Homeless, rootless, lonely, maybe your copy gets into one issue out of four...
... whatever is manly and independent.
Gold nose hair clippers.
Hello.
Exactly.
What you said. Make it appear that he's doing you the favor.
Only. If he wants to.
He won't get mad, huh?
I just don't want to freak him out.
We settled this. And I reneged. That wasn't fair.
They'll eat it anyway, you ever been to a walk?
This must be... very, very, hard on him.
When are you gonna come clean with your folks?
If you're waiting for "Do you take this man?", that's considered poor form.
Yeah, well, lots of couples are imcompat...
In one minute. You are going to feel so foolish.
Have you ever heard of. Irony?
That's entirely understandable.
If your ass isn't chapped, you are not a goodwriter of note.
I've adjusted, and thanks for asking.
Which is everyone you couldn't get in.
Needs salt.
... I don't send you men, anymore. You don't know what to do with them.
... weeks.
The wandering sportswriter.
Kindred spirits.
He's the salt of the earth. Kind and loyal and generous. The one constant thing in my life, is he'll always be there.
Whenever George tells someone how steadfast I am, he always makes me sound boring.
I've lost interest.
Blood oath.
You think...
He's not proposing marriage, there's no way I'm buying one word of th...
He can't do that to me!
We'll never be the same.
I'll have to kill myself before I call him.
No, he's ruining yours.
You have a real philosophy of life.
He's adored me for nine goddamn years.
She knows him maybe five seconds, plus she has billions of dollars, plus she's perfect, so don't go feeling sorry for Miss PreTeen Illinois!
Chill? Since when do you say ch...
You flew all the way h...
You're butting in.
You like her.
I was devastated.
Because I realized. When I see him say "I do," that knife will be in my heart. And it will be there every...
You've been working on this, huh?
This is my whole life's happiness. I have to be ruthless.
Sure.
It's not his happiness you're feeling guilty about...
Impressive.
The man you love.
Someday she'll thank you.
Jesus. You're supposed to take your makeup off before you apply the m...
Zit cream?
Neosporin?
Ben Gay.
Elmer's Glue?
I give.
How do you know you can touch that plug? Are you a licensed contractor?
I suppose it's too late to start over.
Two words.
Tell him you love him. With all your heart.
Tell him you've loved him for nine years, but you were afraid to realize it.
Tell him you're afraid of love. Afraid of needing.
To belong to someone.
And what will he do?
Hey, handsome. Brevity this...
Good girl.
Oh, you're more than okay.
Well, then, I'll take it up with her.
I should look different.
And I'm supposed to respect your fashion tips, because you're what, a New Yorker?
Long trip. Pretty nice of you to come.
What?